sim_seconds                                  0.067828                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 67828163000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4272158822500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                7041859                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  7306693                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              245262058                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2603420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   276.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1947452944                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2020694013                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys6.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst     83749392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     31684518                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        88084                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        88130                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        88342                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        88048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        88232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        88125                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    115962871                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst     83749392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     83749392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      5997369                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data       131262                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data       131286                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data       131112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data       130770                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data       131016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data       130992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      6783807                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst     20937348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      8788344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        44042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        44065                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        44171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        44024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        44116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        44063                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::total     29990173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      1965718                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data        43754                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data        43762                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data        43704                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data        43590                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data        43672                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data        43665                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::total      2227865                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   1234728884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    467129237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1298635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1299313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1302438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1298104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1300817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1299239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::total   1709656666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   1234728884                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   1234728884                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     88420042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data      1935214                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data      1935568                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data      1933002                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data      1927960                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data      1931587                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data      1931233                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::total    100014606                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   1234728884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    555549278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3233848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3234880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      3235441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      3226064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      3232404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      3230472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::total   1809671272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrQLen               17.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  61868349424                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF   5959900800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::0     40563331.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::1         40557888                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::2     40542163.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::3     40541558.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::0         27364152                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::1         27360480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::2         27349872                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::3         27349464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::0    32712076.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::1    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::2    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::3    32651174.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0   3435540.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1   3430149.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2   3428904.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3   3418536.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0 6847528377.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1 6848071309.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2 6847305831.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3 6851165178.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0  73832107296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1  73831631040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2  73832302512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3  73828917120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0   103707425822.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1   103707481486.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2   103707359903.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3   103707758080.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::0     77.937700                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::1     77.937742                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::2     77.937651                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::3     77.937950                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        66816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        67584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        65536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        51712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        42240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total            346368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::total        18944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::writebacks       220160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total         220160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total               1353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::writebacks          860                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total               860                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        45291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       985078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        11323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       996400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         3774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       966206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       120776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       762397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         7548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       622750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       475555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        86808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        15097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              5106551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        45291                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        11323                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         3774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       120776                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         7548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        86808                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::total          279294                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::writebacks        3245849                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total             3245849                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::writebacks        3245849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        45291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       985078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        11323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       996400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         3774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       966206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       120776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       762397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         7548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       622750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       475555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        86808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        15097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total             8352401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                       1353                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                       860                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                    10824                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                    6880                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                346368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                 219904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                 346368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys              220160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           11                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0             1336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1             1224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2             1320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3             1464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4             1368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5             1336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6             1312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7             1464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0              864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1              800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2              839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3              921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4              832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5              856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6              832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7              928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                  67959185000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                10824                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                6880                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                   1351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                   1351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                   1351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                   1351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                   1351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                   1351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                   1351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                   1351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                   289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                   294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                   294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                   294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                   294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                   294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                   294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                   294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                   288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples         2508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   225.786284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   198.149453                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.949921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63          276     11.00%     11.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::64-95           11      0.44%     11.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::96-127            9      0.36%     11.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-159            1      0.04%     11.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::160-191           10      0.40%     12.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::192-223            9      0.36%     12.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255          273     10.89%     23.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1919     76.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total         2508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples          282                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     38.297872                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    36.661333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0-7              1      0.35%      0.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             3      1.06%      1.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           30     10.64%     12.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          111     39.36%     51.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           43     15.25%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           38     13.48%     80.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           18      6.38%     86.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            6      2.13%     88.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            6      2.13%     90.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            6      2.13%     92.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            4      1.42%     94.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            4      1.42%     95.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            2      0.71%     96.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            1      0.35%     96.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            4      1.42%     98.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.35%     98.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.35%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.35%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::296-303            1      0.35%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::408-415            1      0.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total          282                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples          282                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.368794                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.299126                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.047171                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16               1      0.35%      0.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24             269     95.39%     95.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32              10      3.55%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::40               2      0.71%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total          282                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   319220680                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              502687480                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                  34636800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    29491.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               46441.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        5.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        3.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     5.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     3.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     31.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                    9454                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                   5734                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               83.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                  30709075.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   85.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE   61620117823                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF     5959900800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT      248231601                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::0           3576787.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::1           3772137.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::2           3622147.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::3           3648758.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                2412912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::1           2544696.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                2443512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                2461464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::0          13330636.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::1          13854297.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::2          13335628.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::3          13285209.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0         6509445.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1         6765327.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2         6459678.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3         6459678.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0       6694646935.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1       6698962702.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2       6697391964.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3       6698169809.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0        73966213824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1        73962428064                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2        73963805904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3        73963123584                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0         103610405589.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1         103612042272.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2         103610773883.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3         103610863552.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::0           77.864788                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::1           77.866018                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::2           77.865065                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::3           77.865132                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrQLen               17.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  61868349424                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF   5959900800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::0         40560912                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::1     40585708.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::2         40491360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::3     40571193.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::0         27362520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::1     27379248.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::2         27315600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::3         27369456                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::0    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::1    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::2    32658662.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::3    32708083.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0   3429319.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1   3429734.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2   3426001.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3   3428075.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0 6848411558.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1 6849639967.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2 6847380141.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3 6849762376.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0  73831332576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1  73830255024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2  73832237328                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3  73830147648                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0   103707527505.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1   103707720302.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2   103707224141.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3   103707701880.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::0     77.937777                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::1     77.937922                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::2     77.937549                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::3     77.937908                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        67584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        65792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        66304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         8704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        52224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        41728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        31744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total            343296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::total        16896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::writebacks       216832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total         216832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total               1341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::writebacks          847                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total               847                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        26420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       996400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        11323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       969981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        11323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       977529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       128324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       769946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       615202                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       468006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        67936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total              5061260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        26420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        11323                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        11323                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       128324                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        67936                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::total          249100                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::writebacks        3196784                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total             3196784                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::writebacks        3196784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        26420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       996400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        11323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       969981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        11323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       977529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       128324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       769946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       615202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       468006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        67936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total             8258045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                       1341                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                       847                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                    10728                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                    6776                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                343296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                 216576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                 343296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys              216832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           20                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0             1392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1             1296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2             1344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3             1432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4             1328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5             1288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6             1288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7             1360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0              832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1              864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2              800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3              936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4              808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5              801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6              816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7              911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                  67957998000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                10728                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                6776                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                   1337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                   1337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                   1337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                   1337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                   1337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                   1338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                   1338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                   1338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                   287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                   287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                   287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                   287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                   287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                   287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                   287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples         2478                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   225.937046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   198.732374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.535635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63          266     10.73%     10.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.48%     11.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::96-127           10      0.40%     11.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.24%     11.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::160-191           11      0.44%     12.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::192-223           12      0.48%     12.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255          263     10.61%     23.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1898     76.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total         2478                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples          279                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     38.394265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    31.687515                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    34.287854                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             4      1.43%      1.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           28     10.04%     11.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          116     41.58%     53.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           43     15.41%     68.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           22      7.89%     76.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           25      8.96%     85.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           11      3.94%     89.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            4      1.43%     90.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            5      1.79%     92.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            5      1.79%     94.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            3      1.08%     95.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            4      1.43%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            1      0.36%     97.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      0.36%     97.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.36%     97.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.36%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.36%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::224-231            1      0.36%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::248-255            2      0.72%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::280-287            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total          279                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples          279                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.258065                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.223758                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.416018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24             270     96.77%     96.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32               9      3.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total          279                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   314104188                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              495943788                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                  34329600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    29278.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               46228.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        5.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        3.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     5.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     3.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     30.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                    9379                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                   5639                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                87.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               83.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                  31059414.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   85.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE   61619142111                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF     5959900800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT      249207313                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::0           3671740.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::1           3714076.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::2           3590697.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::3           3615494.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                2476968                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::1                2505528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                2422296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                2439024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::0          13562265.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::1          13822348.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::2          13245273.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::3          13187366.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0         6681968.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1         6605660.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2         6420280.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3         6419865.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0       6696192720.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1       6696913164.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2       6696600439.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3         6699090528                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0        73964857872                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1        73964225904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2        73964500224                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3        73962315936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0         103611158584.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1         103611501730.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2         103610494259.519989                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3         103610783262.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::0           77.865354                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::1           77.865612                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::2           77.864855                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::3           77.865072                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data       524288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_read::total       524288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data       131072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_reads::total       131072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      7729651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_read::total        7729651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      7729651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::total       7729651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readReqs               131072                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readBursts             131072                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM         4194304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadSys           524288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0        16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1        16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2        16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3        16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4        16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5        16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6        16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7        16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totGap           307661726500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::2         131072                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0           131072                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples       131072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean           32                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean    32.000000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-35       131072    100.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total       131072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totQLat            2534561162                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totMemAccLat       4756231562                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totBusLat           419430400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgQLat              19337.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat         36287.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBW                 61.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys               7.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtil                  0.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilRead              0.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                0.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrQLen               27.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHitRate           0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgGap             2347272.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.pageHitRate              0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE  54908426224                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF   5959900800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT   6959923200                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::0     20751897.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::1     20731334.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::2         20802096                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::3     20718028.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::0         13999296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::1     13985424.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::2         14033160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::3         13976448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::0    16357785.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::1    16357785.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::2    16357785.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::3    16357785.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0   3419366.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1   3432222.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2   3424343.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3   3432222.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0 6761185908.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1 6759537140.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2 6762970710.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3 6758458225.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0  73907846304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1  73909292592                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2  73906280688                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3  73910239008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0   103647275606.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1   103647051547.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2   103647583831.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3   103646896767.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::0     77.892497                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::1     77.892328                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::2     77.892728                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::3     77.892212                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      1048576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::total      1048576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data       262144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::total       262144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     15459301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::total       15459301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     15459301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::total      15459301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readReqs               262144                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readBursts             262144                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM         8382528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ             6080                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadSys          1048576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ             190                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0        32767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1        32768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2        32768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3        32768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4        32768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5        32768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6        32706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7        32641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totGap           349717459000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::2         262144                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0           261954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       261954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean           32                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    32.000000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-35       261954    100.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       261954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totQLat            5068706476                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totMemAccLat       9508826776                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totBusLat           838252800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgQLat              19349.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat         36299.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBW                123.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys              15.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtil                  1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilRead              1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrQLen               24.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHitRate           0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgGap             1334066.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.pageHitRate              0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  47958592024                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF   5959900800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT  13909757400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::0         40588128                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::1     40565145.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::2     40574217.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::3     40443580.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::0         27380880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::1         27365376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::2         27371496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::3     27283368.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::0        32715072                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::1    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::2    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::3    32621222.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0   3430149.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1   3430563.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2   3428075.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3   3417707.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0 6849125763.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1 6848056261.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2 6848802861.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3 6847035131.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0  73830706080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1  73831644240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2  73830989328                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3  73832539968                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0   103707661121.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1   103707492206.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2   103707596597.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3   103707056026.560013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::0     77.937877                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::1     77.937750                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::2     77.937829                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::3     77.937422                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE  61868349424                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF   5959900800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0 6655015319.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1 6655015319.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2 6655015319.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3 6655015319.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0  74000978400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1  74000978400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2  74000978400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3  74000978400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0   103579708767.360016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1   103579708767.360016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2   103579708767.360016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3   103579708767.360016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::0     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::1     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::2     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::3     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        67072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        66048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        64768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         8960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        47872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        39680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        28928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total            331008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         8960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::total        15872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::writebacks       214784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total         214784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total               1293                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::writebacks          839                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total               839                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        33968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       988852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         3774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       973755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         3774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       954884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       132099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       705784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         3774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       585008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       426490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        56614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total              4880097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        33968                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         3774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       132099                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         3774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        56614                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::total          234003                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::writebacks        3166590                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total             3166590                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::writebacks        3166590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        33968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       988852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         3774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       973755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         3774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       954884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       132099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       705784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         3774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       585008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       426490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        56614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total             8046687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                       1293                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                       839                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                    10344                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                    6712                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                331008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                 214240                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                 331008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys              214784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           23                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0             1368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1             1240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2             1232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3             1376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4             1328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5             1184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6             1320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7             1296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0              856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1              823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2              768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3              896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4              824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5              840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6              808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7              880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                  67971976000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                10344                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                6712                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                   1288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                   1288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                   1288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                   1288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                   1288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                   1289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                   1290                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                   1291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                   286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                   286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples         2424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   224.937294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   197.132752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.423884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63          268     11.06%     11.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::64-95           11      0.45%     11.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::96-127           14      0.58%     12.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.08%     12.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::160-191           15      0.62%     12.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::192-223           11      0.45%     13.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255          266     10.97%     24.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1837     75.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total         2424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples          276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     37.246377                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.598234                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0-3              1      0.36%      0.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             5      1.81%      2.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           34     12.32%     14.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          102     36.96%     51.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           42     15.22%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           33     11.96%     78.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           20      7.25%     85.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            7      2.54%     88.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            9      3.26%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            4      1.45%     93.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            4      1.45%     94.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            2      0.72%     95.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            2      0.72%     96.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.36%     96.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.36%     96.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.36%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            2      0.72%     97.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            2      0.72%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            2      0.72%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::200-203            1      0.36%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::232-235            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total          276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples          276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.257246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.199722                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.819826                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16               1      0.36%      0.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      0.72%      1.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.36%      1.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24             262     94.93%     96.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::32               9      3.26%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40               1      0.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total          276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   306233344                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              481564144                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                  33100800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    29604.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               46554.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        4.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        3.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     4.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     3.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     31.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                    9036                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                   5579                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               83.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                  31881789.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   85.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE   61616266952                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF     5959900800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT      252082472                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::0           3613075.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::1           3708633.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::2           3523564.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::3           3597350.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                2437392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::1                2501856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                2377008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::3                2426784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::0          13414502.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::1          13638643.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::2          12948249.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::3          12965222.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0         6565847.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1         6691921.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2         6330286.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3         6413230.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0       6695797423.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1       6697783978.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2       6695901172.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3       6698421138.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0        73965204624                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1        73963462032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2        73965113616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3        73962903120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0         103610747912.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1         103611502113.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2         103609908945.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3         103610441893.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::0           77.865045                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::1           77.865612                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::2           77.864415                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::3           77.864816                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys1.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        66560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        65280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        64512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        51200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        41728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        30464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            337408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        10240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::total        17152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks       217600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         217600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total               1318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks          850                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total               850                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         7548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       981303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        11323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       962432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         3774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       951109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       150970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       754849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       615202                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        11323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       449135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        67936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              4974453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        11323                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         3774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       150970                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        11323                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        67936                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::total          252874                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks        3208107                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             3208107                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks        3208107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         7548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       981303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        11323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       962432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         3774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       951109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       150970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       754849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       615202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        11323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       449135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        67936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             8182560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                       1318                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                       850                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    10544                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                    6800                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                337184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                 217344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 337408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys              217600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           22                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             1344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             1344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             1312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             1256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             1432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             1136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             1368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             1345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2              864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5              784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7              801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  67961530000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                10544                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                6800                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                   1313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                   293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                   293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                   293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                   293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                   293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                   293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                   293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                   287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         2453                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   226.061150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   198.957390                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.436008                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63          260     10.60%     10.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::64-95           18      0.73%     11.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.29%     11.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.16%     11.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::160-191            8      0.33%     12.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::192-223           18      0.73%     12.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255          256     10.44%     23.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1882     76.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         2453                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples          279                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     37.652330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    31.170310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.638376                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             6      2.15%      2.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           25      8.96%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          119     42.65%     53.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           46     16.49%     70.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           27      9.68%     79.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           16      5.73%     85.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           13      4.66%     90.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            2      0.72%     91.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            4      1.43%     92.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            2      0.72%     93.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            3      1.08%     94.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            3      1.08%     95.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            2      0.72%     96.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      0.36%     96.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            3      1.08%     97.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.72%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.36%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.36%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.36%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.36%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::320-327            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total          279                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples          279                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.344086                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.279872                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.874639                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16               1      0.36%      0.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.36%      0.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.36%      1.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24             262     93.91%     94.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::32              14      5.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total          279                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   309506998                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              488109148                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  33718400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    29373.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               46323.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        4.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        3.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     4.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     3.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     31.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                    9205                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                   5671                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               83.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  31347569.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   85.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   61624024091                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     5959900800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT      244325333                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0                3652992                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1           3539894.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::2           3613075.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::3           3767299.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                2464320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                2388024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                2437392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                2541432                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0          13571750.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1          13017139.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::2          13186867.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::3          13850803.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0         6701875.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1         6409912.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2         6482903.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3         6622663.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0       6694738372.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1       6694183019.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2       6697224521.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3       6699099447.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        73966133616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        73966620768                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2        73963952784                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3        73962308112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         103610977974.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         103609873805.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2         103610612591.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3         103611904805.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0           77.865218                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1           77.864389                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::2           77.864944                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::3           77.865915                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys3.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst    128260900                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     53954814                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       433896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       433906                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       433806                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       434527                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data       435172                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data       435966                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    184822987                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst    128260900                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    128260900                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      8608001                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        87318                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        87314                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data        87370                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data        87485                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data        87400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data        87410                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      9132298                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst     32065225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     14540159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       173289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       173298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       173220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       173522                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       173886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       174278                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::total     47646877                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      2743268                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data        43659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data        43657                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data        43685                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data        43743                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data        43700                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data        43705                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::total      3005417                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   1890968210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    795463295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      6396989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      6397136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      6395662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      6406292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      6415801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      6427507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2724870892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   1890968210                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   1890968210                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    126908951                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data      1287341                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data      1287282                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data      1288108                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data      1289803                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data      1288550                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data      1288698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::total    134638734                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   1890968210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    922372245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      7684330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      7684419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      7683770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      7696095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      7704351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      7716205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::total   2859509626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrQLen               16.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  61868349424                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF   5959900800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::0     40531276.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::1     40580870.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::2     40565145.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::3     40525228.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::0     27342528.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::1         27375984                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::2         27365376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::3     27338448.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::0    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::1    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::2    32715571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::3    32651673.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0        3431808                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1   3424343.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2   3432222.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3   3418536.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0 6846448642.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1 6849631267.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2 6847513384.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3 6849919149.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0  73833054432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1  73830262656                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2  73832120448                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3  73830010128                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0   103707239306.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1   103707705740.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2   103707427196.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3   103707578212.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::0     77.937560                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::1     77.937911                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::2     77.937701                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::3     77.937815                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys5.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst    166883316                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     63184694                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       175880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       175968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       176260                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       176476                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data       175914                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data       176127                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    231124635                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst    166883316                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    166883316                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     11944381                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data       261962                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data       261930                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data       262104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data       262446                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data       262208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data       262231                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     13517262                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst     41720829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     17522239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        87940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        87984                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        88130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        88238                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        87957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        88064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::total     59771381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      3914668                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data        87321                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data        87310                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data        87368                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data        87482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data        87403                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data        87411                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::total      4438963                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   2460383838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    931540694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2593023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2594321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2598626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2601810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      2593524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      2596665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3407502500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   2460383838                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2460383838                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    176097663                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data      3862142                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data      3861670                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data      3864236                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data      3869278                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data      3865769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data      3866108                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::total    199286866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   2460383838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data   1107638357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      6455165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      6455991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      6462861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      6471088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      6459293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      6462773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3606789366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        67072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        66304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        64768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        54016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        44288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        30464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            348160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        16896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       213504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         213504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               1360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          834                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               834                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        11323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        15097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       988852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         7548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       977529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        11323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       954884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         7548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       120776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       796365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       652944                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         7548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         7548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       449135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        86808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        30194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              5132971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        15097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        11323                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       120776                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         7548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        86808                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          249100                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        3147719                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             3147719                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        3147719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        11323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        15097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       988852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         7548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       977529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        11323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       954884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         7548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       120776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       796365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       652944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         7548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         7548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       449135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        86808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        30194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             8280690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       1360                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                       834                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    10880                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    6672                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                348160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 214016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 348160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              213504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           24                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             1296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             1312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  67828165000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                10880                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                6672                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   1347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   1348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                   282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         2499                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   224.960384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   197.353338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.338297                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63          271     10.84%     10.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-95           17      0.68%     11.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::96-127           13      0.52%     12.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.24%     12.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::160-191           14      0.56%     12.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-223           17      0.68%     13.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255          260     10.40%     23.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1901     76.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         2499                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          278                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     38.992806                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    32.069363                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    33.317962                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             4      1.44%      1.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           23      8.27%      9.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          122     43.88%     53.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           48     17.27%     70.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           17      6.12%     76.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           21      7.55%     84.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            7      2.52%     87.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            5      1.80%     88.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            6      2.16%     91.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            3      1.08%     92.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            4      1.44%     93.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            3      1.08%     94.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            5      1.80%     96.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            1      0.36%     96.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            2      0.72%     97.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.36%     97.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.36%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.36%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            2      0.72%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::224-231            1      0.36%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::264-271            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          278                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          278                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.057554                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.029353                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.175992                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16               2      0.72%      0.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24             272     97.84%     98.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32               4      1.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          278                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   321906860                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              506322860                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  34816000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    29587.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               46537.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        5.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        3.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     5.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     3.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      8.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     31.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    9502                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   5567                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               83.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  30915298.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   85.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   61620756661                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     5959900800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT      247620539                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0           3889468.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1           3629404.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::2           3884630.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::3           3797539.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0                2623848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1                2448408                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::2                2620584                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::3                2561832                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0              14374464                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1          13466918.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::2          14263142.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::3          13941158.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0         7023697.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1         6522716.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2              6884352                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3         6695654.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0       6698401986.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1       6695850173.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2       6699557125.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3         6698372328                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        73962919920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        73965158352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2        73961906640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3        73962945936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         103612948433.280014                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         103610791021.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2         103612831522.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3         103612029496.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0           77.866699                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1           77.865078                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::2           77.866611                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::3           77.866009                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      1048576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::total      1048576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data       262144                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::total       262144                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     15459301                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::total      15459301                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     15459301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::total      15459301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeReqs              262144                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeBursts            262144                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWritten          1057728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys       1048576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts         229062                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0         4111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1         4151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2         4114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3         4150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4         4117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5         4153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6         4110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7         4148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totGap            45160078000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::2        262144                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15            1837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16            1837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17            1839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18            1837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19            1838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20            1839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21            1837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22            1837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23            1837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24            1838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25            1837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26            1837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27            1837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28            1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29            1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30            1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31            1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32            1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples         6169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   171.458583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   132.478809                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    96.422761                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63          915     14.83%     14.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::64-95         1307     21.19%     36.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::96-127          179      2.90%     38.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-159           85      1.38%     40.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::160-191           60      0.97%     41.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::192-223           81      1.31%     42.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255          474      7.68%     50.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287         3068     49.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total         6169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1836                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0         1836    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total         1836                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1836                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean    18.003268                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.003181                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.057088                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18         1830     99.67%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::19            6      0.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total         1836                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBW                 15.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys              15.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtil                  0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilWrite             0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrQLen               25.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHits            26885                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate         81.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgGap              172272.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.pageHitRate             81.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE  60950550586                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF   5959900800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT    917798838                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::0     935625.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::1     941068.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::2     944697.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::3     909619.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::0           631176                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::1           634848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::2           637296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::3           613632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0   3426416.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1   3427246.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2   3429734.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3   3424757.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0 6672725720.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1 6672687854.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2 6672658415.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3 6670472515.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0  73985442960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1  73985476176                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2  73985502000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3  73987419456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0   103586876947.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1   103586882241.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2   103586887191.360016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3   103586555028.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::0     77.847106                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::1     77.847110                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::2     77.847114                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::3     77.846864                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        67072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        66560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        65280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        49152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        42496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        30976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total            340480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::total        17664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::writebacks       218368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total         218368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total               1330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::writebacks          853                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total               853                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        33968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       988852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        15097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       981303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       962432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       113227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       724655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         3774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       626524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         7548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       456683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        86808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total              5019744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        33968                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        15097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       113227                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         3774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         7548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        86808                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::total          260423                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::writebacks        3219430                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total             3219430                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::writebacks        3219430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        33968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       988852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        15097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       981303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       962432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       113227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       724655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         3774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       626524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         7548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       456683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        86808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total             8239173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                       1330                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                       853                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                    10640                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                    6824                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                340480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                 218880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                 340480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys              218368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           11                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0             1320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1             1248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2             1328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3             1368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4             1280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5             1272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6             1328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7             1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0              840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1              816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2              856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3              855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4              821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5              800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6              876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7              976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                  67825589000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                10640                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                6824                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                   1324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                   1324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                   1324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                   1324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                   1324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                   1324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                   1324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                   1326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples         2477                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   225.821558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   198.227512                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.848370                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63          274     11.06%     11.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::64-95            6      0.24%     11.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::96-127            8      0.32%     11.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-159            7      0.28%     11.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::160-191            9      0.36%     12.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::192-223            9      0.36%     12.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255          269     10.86%     23.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1895     76.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total         2477                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples          284                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     37.492958                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    32.112210                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.516412                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             3      1.06%      1.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           27      9.51%     10.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          105     36.97%     47.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           59     20.77%     68.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           28      9.86%     78.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           21      7.39%     85.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            8      2.82%     88.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            7      2.46%     90.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            5      1.76%     92.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            3      1.06%     93.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            4      1.41%     95.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            4      1.41%     96.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.35%     96.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            2      0.70%     97.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.35%     97.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.35%     98.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            2      0.70%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.35%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.35%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total          284                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples          284                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.084507                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.067574                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.059988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24             282     99.30%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32               1      0.35%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::40               1      0.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total          284                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   310514512                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              490862512                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                  34048000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    29183.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               46133.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        5.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        3.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     5.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     3.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     30.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                    9300                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                   5703                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                87.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               83.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                  31069898.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   85.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE   61619388864                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF     5959900800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT      248372043                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::0           3602188.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::1           3761251.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::2           3475785.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::3                3761856                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                2430048                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                2537352                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                2344776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                2537760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::0          13123468.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::1          13796889.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::2          12750566.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::3          13812364.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0         6615613.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1         6738370.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2         6279275.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3         6756618.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0       6697033274.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1       6698503327.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2       6695266749.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3       6698839199.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0        73964120544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1        73962831024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2        73965670128                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3        73962536400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0         103610640186.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1         103611883263.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2         103609502328.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3         103611959246.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::0           77.864965                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::1           77.865899                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::2           77.864109                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::3           77.865956                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_written::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data       524288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_written::total       524288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_writes::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data       131072                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_writes::total       131072                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_write::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      7729651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_write::total       7729651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      7729651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_total::total       7729651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeReqs              131072                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeBursts            131072                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWritten           528352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys        524288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts         114531                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0         2060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1         2071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2         2063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3         2082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4         2051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5         2064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6         2050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7         2070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totGap            22597934000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::2        131072                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17             920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18             919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23             920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29             918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30             917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31             917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32             917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples         3083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   171.375933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   132.722430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    96.007569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63          456     14.79%     14.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::64-95          633     20.53%     35.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::96-127          104      3.37%     38.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-159           52      1.69%     40.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::160-191           34      1.10%     41.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::192-223           50      1.62%     43.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255          233      7.56%     50.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1521     49.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total         3083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples          917                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0          917    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total          917                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples          917                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean    18.005453                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.005253                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.087248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18          913     99.56%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::19            3      0.33%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20            1      0.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total          917                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBW                  7.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys               7.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtil                  0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilWrite             0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                8.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHits            13428                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate         81.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgGap              172408.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.pageHitRate             81.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE  61411443197                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF   5959900800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT    456906227                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::0           489888                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::1     460252.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::2           459648                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::3     454809.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::0           330480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::1           310488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::2           310080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::3           306816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0   1713208.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1   1719014.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2   1706572.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3   1708646.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3 22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0 6664644999.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1 6662549934.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2 6663899056.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3 6663025068.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0  73992531312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1  73994369088                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2  73993185648                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3  73993952304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0   103583424936                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1   103583123826.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2   103583276053.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3   103583162692.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::0     77.844512                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::1     77.844286                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::2     77.844400                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::3     77.844315                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys0.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data           15                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::total           15                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           15                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::total           15                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        66816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        65280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        65280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        48896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        42496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        29440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            337664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        17408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       212992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         212992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               1319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks          832                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total               832                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         7548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       985078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        11323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       962432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        11323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       962432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       135873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       720880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       626524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        11323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       434038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        79259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        26420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              4978227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        11323                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        11323                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       135873                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        11323                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        79259                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          256649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks        3140171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             3140171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks        3140171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         7548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       985078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        11323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       962432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        11323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       962432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       135873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       720880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       626524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        11323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       434038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        79259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        26420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             8118398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       1319                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                       832                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    10552                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    6656                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                337408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 212736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 337664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              212992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             1384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             1272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  67963618000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                10552                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                6656                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   1310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         2440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   225.468852                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   197.997086                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.988244                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63          263     10.78%     10.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::64-95           19      0.78%     11.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.29%     11.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.20%     12.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::160-191            6      0.25%     12.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::192-223           22      0.90%     13.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255          256     10.49%     23.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1862     76.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         2440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     38.086957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    32.002094                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.320345                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             4      1.45%      1.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           23      8.33%      9.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          113     40.94%     50.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           54     19.57%     70.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           20      7.25%     77.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           17      6.16%     83.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           11      3.99%     87.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            7      2.54%     90.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            5      1.81%     92.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            7      2.54%     94.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            1      0.36%     94.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            2      0.72%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            1      0.36%     96.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            3      1.09%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            1      0.36%     97.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.36%     97.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.72%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.36%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.36%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.36%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::280-287            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.086957                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.042078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.563112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16               2      0.72%      0.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      0.36%      1.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.36%      1.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24             267     96.74%     98.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32               4      1.45%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40               1      0.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   308722024                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              487442824                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  33740800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    29279.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               46229.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        4.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        3.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     4.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     3.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     31.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    9210                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   5542                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               83.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  31596289.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   85.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   61626144014                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     5959900800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT      242205410                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0           3669321.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1           3565900.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::2           3678998.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::3                3776976                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                2475336                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                2405568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::2                2481864                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                2547960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0          13626662.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1          13176883.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::2          13482892.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::3          13814361.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0         6678650.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1         6390005.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2         6632616.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3         6648791.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0       6696243774.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1       6695208198.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2       6697162523.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3       6698802755.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        73964813088                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        73965721488                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2        73964007168                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3        73962568368                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         103611221881.920013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         103610183092.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2         103611161112                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3         103611874260.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0           77.865402                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1           77.864621                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::2           77.865356                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::3           77.865892                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys2.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys4.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst     64433280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     27066254                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       217382                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       217142                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       217046                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       216247                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data       216792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data       217442                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::total     92801585                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst     64433280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     64433280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      4326677                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        43754                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        43762                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data        43706                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data        43594                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data        43672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data        43662                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      4588827                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst     16108320                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      7296088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        86814                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        86690                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        86670                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        86330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        86560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        86890                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::total     23924362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      1379200                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data        21877                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data        21881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data        21853                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data        21797                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data        21836                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data        21831                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::total      1510275                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst    949948770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    399041531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3204893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3201355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      3199939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      3188159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      3196194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      3205778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::total   1368186619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst    949948770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total    949948770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     63788798                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       645071                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       645189                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       644364                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       642712                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       643862                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       643715                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::total     67653712                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst    949948770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    462830329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3849964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3846544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      3844303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      3830872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      3840057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      3849492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::total   1435840331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        67072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        65280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        65536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        48384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        41216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        29696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            336640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         8448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        17152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks       213248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         213248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               1315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks          833                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total               833                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        41517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       988852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         7548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       962432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       966206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       124550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       713332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        11323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       607653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         7548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       437812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        60388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        22645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              4963130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        41517                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       124550                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        11323                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         7548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        60388                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total          252874                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks        3143945                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             3143945                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks        3143945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        41517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       988852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         7548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       962432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       966206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       124550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       713332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        11323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       607653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         7548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       437812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        60388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        22645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             8107075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                       1315                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                       833                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    10520                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                    6664                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                336416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                 213504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 336640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys              213248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             1464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             1376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             1240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             1240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             1336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             1224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             1217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             1416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2              801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3              767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5              760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7              880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  67975073000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                10520                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                6664                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                   1313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                   275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                   281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                   279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                   276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples         2432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   226.118421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   198.801019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.526439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63          264     10.86%     10.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::64-95            9      0.37%     11.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::96-127            9      0.37%     11.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.16%     11.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::160-191            9      0.37%     12.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::192-223            9      0.37%     12.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255          263     10.81%     23.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1865     76.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total         2432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples          276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     38.119565                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    31.952384                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    31.601211                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             4      1.45%      1.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           20      7.25%      8.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          119     43.12%     51.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           47     17.03%     68.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           26      9.42%     78.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           21      7.61%     85.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           11      3.99%     89.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            4      1.45%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            4      1.45%     92.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.72%     93.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            3      1.09%     94.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            4      1.45%     96.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.36%     96.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.36%     96.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.36%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            3      1.09%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.36%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.36%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::224-227            1      0.36%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::240-243            1      0.36%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::248-251            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total          276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples          276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     24.173913                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.150565                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.168763                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24             270     97.83%     97.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::32               6      2.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total          276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   309897830                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              488093180                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  33641600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    29477.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               46427.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        4.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        3.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     4.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     3.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     30.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                    9189                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                   5564                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                87.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               83.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  31645750.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   85.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   61619670656                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     5959900800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT      248678768                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0           3729196.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1           3493324.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::2                3535056                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::3           3645734.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                2515728                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                2356608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                2384760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                2459424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0          13761945.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1          12943257.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::2              12959232                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::3              13253760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0         6698557.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1         6334018.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2         6376734.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3         6506127.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3       22923715048.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0       6696978554.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1       6695126009.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2         6696102816                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3       6697793116.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        73964168544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        73965793584                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2        73964936736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3        73963454016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         103611567575.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         103609761850.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2         103610010383.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3         103610827226.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0           77.865661                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1           77.864304                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::2           77.864491                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::3           77.865105                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             2364890                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2364890                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1179705                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp           1179705                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              6748                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            280                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             121                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                68                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               64                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      7096488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      7096732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                7096732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave     13089189                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     13089677                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                13089677                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1182445000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2528647500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   1179705000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    589852500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    111342000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       130500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       140000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        60500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        34000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      1056000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        80910                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       112878                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq        26845                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp        45090                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          467                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           14                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     22204381                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     46944499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      8240185                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     17927000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       613694                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        11500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         3500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        23500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        20497                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        16000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                        108437                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                       157974                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                   3533908                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                       107278                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime              30284582                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                  3533908                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                      157669                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime             64536000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime            31093757                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime           64910999                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                              424                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             17922                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   17922    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               17922                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               80000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                 122                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          2473504500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded             3551406                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         3119616500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded            3544780                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq            2364806                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp           2364806                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq           1179667                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp          1179667                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback             6748                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              90                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            31                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            121                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               64                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              64                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       653282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       324454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       524846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       264294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total      1774034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          851                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       650686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       326374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       527480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       262490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total      1773997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       652858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       324798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       525280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       264066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total      1773981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       650458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       326432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       527610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       262406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total      1774052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total               7096064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port       148736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port       143104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port       137728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port       131840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port       145920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port       138496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port       137216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port       139520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       784480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       389853                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       656535                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       329951                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total      3283379                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port       132352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port       138496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port       138240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port       129536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port       141568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port       141056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port       141568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port       139520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       782310                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       392289                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       657898                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       327851                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total      3262685                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port       143616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port       133376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port       134144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port       144640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port       128512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port       141824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port       134400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port       145152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       783992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       390478                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       657460                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       329465                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total      3267059                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port       136960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port       135680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port       144896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port       143872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port       142848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port       145152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port       132608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port       135936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       780788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       391581                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       657613                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       328132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total      3276066                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total               13089189                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2558133992                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   5747355574                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   2436214696                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1629405500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     63430400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       125600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        43000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       170479                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        88000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       629153                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        72838                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         1314                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq        19652                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp          412                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     24309500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      5287881                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      6376000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      1920000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback          800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        11600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                        92498                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                        1726                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                  3533908                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                       92485                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime             30682500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                 3533908                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                       1458                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime             6855000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime           30700700                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime           7207881                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy            9777200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded               2218                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy            9673600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded               2156                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy            9865200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded               2190                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy            9677800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded               2153                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy            9894400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded               2194                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy            9992800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded               2224                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy            9728200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded               2155                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy            9866800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded               2208                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy               2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded                  1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy        1666117193                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded           1303642                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy         832441098                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded            651029                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy        1653755298                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded           1052608                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy         827243899                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded            526628                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy        1843877581                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            886182                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy        1844827512                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            886145                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy        1842697324                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            886130                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy        1846158289                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            886201                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq      2364806                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp      2364806                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq      1179667                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp      1179667                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback         6748                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           90                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           31                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          121                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      1774034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      1773997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      1773981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      1774052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      7096064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      3283379                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      3262685                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      3267059                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      3276066                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total     13089189                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1891844800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2161076900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   1061700300                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    943733600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     26992000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        72000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        24800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        96800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        51200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       256000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        27145                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp        10760                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     18535366                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      7545482                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp         5000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                 37909                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess            3533908                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess           3533908                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                37714                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime      25942448                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime     26087248                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    745221100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       887852                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    745151500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       887852                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy    745366500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       887851                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    744946000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       887851                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   3105163300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded      3544658                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2386449                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2386449                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           1179705                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          1179705                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             4794                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             272                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           292                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            564                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              465                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             465                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1185474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1185572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1185704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1186155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1187606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1189156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7134276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       232704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2381706                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         1148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       228096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2407198                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         1148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       192000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2394966                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         1140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       183296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2581689                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         1164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       253696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2699486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         1148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       191744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2740459                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         1168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        87296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        44813                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16626145                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1193264417                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   3202605016                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   1179705000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    589863468                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    155805499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       136000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       146000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        72998                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         3499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       244975                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     10897475                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        62914                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          665                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq        21501                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          256                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           35                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           38                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           10                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           86                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           21                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    147055488                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      7163340                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     50314000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      8453468                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       714000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       704500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       171000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        57500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      1712998                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       233490                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        84936                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                         696                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                  3533908                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                       81634                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime            155152500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                 3533908                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime          209011954                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime           7567830                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4896                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            37953                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                 37953    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              37953                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2529310390                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            3571983                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          29564446                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded               909                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         627631882                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            593053                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy            288996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded               287                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          28981437                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded               891                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         630568396                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            593098                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy            291489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded               287                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy         24394443                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded              750                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy        627426401                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization            0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded           593128                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy           286996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded              285                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy         23286455                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded              716                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy        625546861                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization            0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded           592937                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy           293495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded              291                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy         32220461                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded              991                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy        629773394                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded           593512                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.occupancy             7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                7                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.occupancy           290492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded              287                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy         24358452                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded              749                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy        626744352                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded           594144                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.occupancy             9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                9                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy           294495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded              292                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         11083997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              341                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          5775500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              221                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::0            6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::0           6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count::total             2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size::total              1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::0            6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::0           6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::0            6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::0           6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_access              32065225                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_access              17545571                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            262144                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numCycles                90337230                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedInsts           31144836                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedOps             31144852                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     27315192                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_func_calls                  7                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2826262                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_insts            27315192                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_reads     49983225                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_writes     21745662                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    137841462                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     16721711                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_mem_refs             17545571                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_load_insts           14802303                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_store_insts           2743268                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_idle_cycles      30179217.587972                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_busy_cycles      60158012.412028                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.not_idle_fraction        0.665927                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.idle_fraction            0.334073                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.Branches                  3829665                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         13599281     43.66%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemRead        14802303     47.53%     91.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        2743268      8.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::total          31144852                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       262144                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       262144    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       262144                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 15460631.082277                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 10972948.386752                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06         2267     33.43%     33.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%     33.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            1      0.01%     33.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     33.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            5      0.07%     33.52% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            1      0.01%     33.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     33.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            3      0.04%     33.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     33.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     33.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07         1297     19.12%     52.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07         3208     47.30%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 15459301.175531      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalReadBytes           1048576                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       262144                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 44053.728104                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 41923.642275                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 18115.218548                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-8191          190      0.07%      0.07% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.07% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%      0.07% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%      0.07% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959       233697     89.15%     89.22% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151         3338      1.27%     90.49% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343          685      0.26%     90.76% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535         1659      0.63%     91.39% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727         3642      1.39%     92.78% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919         1413      0.54%     93.32% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111         1510      0.58%     93.89% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303         1677      0.64%     94.53% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495         1822      0.70%     95.23% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687         8773      3.35%     98.57% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879         3702      1.41%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071           36      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       262144                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       262143                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   172272.555437                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  91727.435878                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           50      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            3      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           21      0.01%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows       262069     99.97%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        73500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value     21904000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::total        262143                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        262144                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     1334066.234589                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    594838370.797791                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000           50      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            3      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           21      0.01%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows       262070     99.97%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        73500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value 304557414500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::total          262144                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.175022                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.380014                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         5595     82.50%     82.50% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1187     17.50%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::mean    38.651578                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    27.432398                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::0-3          2267     33.43%     33.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::4-7             0      0.00%     33.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::8-11            0      0.00%     33.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::12-15            1      0.01%     33.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::16-19            0      0.00%     33.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::20-23            1      0.01%     33.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::24-27            4      0.06%     33.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::28-31            1      0.01%     33.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::32-35            0      0.00%     33.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::36-39            1      0.01%     33.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::40-43            2      0.03%     33.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::44-47            0      0.00%     33.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::48-51            0      0.00%     33.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::52-55           31      0.46%     34.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::56-59         3973     58.58%     92.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::60-63          501      7.39%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::64-67            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::68-71            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::72-75            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::76-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::0           6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     47909021                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     47909022                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      3005417                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      3005417                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave       524288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     34566854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total     35091142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     64130451                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total     64130451                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port      2607284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total      2607284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count::total     101828877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave      1048576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     62562815                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total     63611391                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port    128260904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total    128260904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port      3131570                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total      3131570                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size::total      195003865                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  23954510500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  50690556900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   3005417000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1991449300                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     16438930                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     33579588                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       388391                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       514680                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1943348500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  13813658200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     59610000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    102952000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedReq             16827321                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedResp            34094268                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqSuccess          1303642                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqFail              377807                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime    154757000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespSuccess         1303642                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespFail              20827                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime      4269900                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   2002958500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  13916610200                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    131072000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       262144                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  26828855500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         39.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     50652294                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  18532231100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         27.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     17545571                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  32761957200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         48.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     32065226                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy   1387817900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded      1303642                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_access              16108320                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_access               8806360                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            131072                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numCycles               615443197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedInsts           15644330                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedOps             15644337                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     13715311                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_func_calls                  3                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1422116                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_insts            13715311                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_reads     25093284                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_writes     10913994                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     69214491                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_writes      8406228                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_mem_refs              8806360                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_load_insts            7427160                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_store_insts           1379200                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_idle_cycles      409782732.665748                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_busy_cycles      205660464.334251                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.not_idle_fraction        0.334166                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.idle_fraction            0.665834                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.Branches                  1929030                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntAlu          6837977     43.71%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemRead         7427160     47.48%     91.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        1379200      8.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::total          15644337                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       131072                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       131072    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       131072                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 7730580.949572                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 10946930.458526                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06         4522     66.68%     66.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            1      0.01%     66.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     66.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     66.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            2      0.03%     66.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            1      0.01%     66.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     66.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            1      0.01%     66.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            3      0.04%     66.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            5      0.07%     66.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07          660      9.73%     76.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07         1587     23.40%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 7729650.587765      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalReadBytes            524288                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       131072                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 44069.946289                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 41982.490104                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 18079.310129                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959       116978     89.25%     89.25% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151         1638      1.25%     90.50% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343          351      0.27%     90.76% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535          830      0.63%     91.40% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727         1797      1.37%     92.77% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919          736      0.56%     93.33% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111          759      0.58%     93.91% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303          878      0.67%     94.58% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495          862      0.66%     95.24% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687         4315      3.29%     98.53% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879         1910      1.46%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071           18      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       131072                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       131071                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   172412.337588                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  81669.517100                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows       131071    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value       107500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value      8242500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::total        131071                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        131072                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     2347272.693634                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    787383559.253035                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows       131072    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value       107500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value 285063469000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::total          131072                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.087142                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.282064                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         6191     91.29%     91.29% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1          591      8.71%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::mean    19.326452                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    27.366750                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::0-3          4522     66.68%     66.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::4-7             0      0.00%     66.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::8-11            1      0.01%     66.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::12-15            0      0.00%     66.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::16-19            0      0.00%     66.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::20-23            2      0.03%     66.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::24-27            1      0.01%     66.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::28-31            0      0.00%     66.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::32-35            0      0.00%     66.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::36-39            1      0.01%     66.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::40-43            0      0.00%     66.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::44-47            4      0.06%     66.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::48-51            3      0.04%     66.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::52-55           16      0.24%     67.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::56-59         1995     29.42%     96.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::60-63          237      3.49%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::64-67            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::68-71            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::72-75            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::76-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::0           6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     24055434                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     24055433                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      1510275                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      1510275                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave       262144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     17350576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total     17612720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     32216639                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total     32216639                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port      1302058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total      1302058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count::total      51131417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave       524288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     31392931                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total     31917219                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     64433276                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total     64433276                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port      1564201                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total      1564201                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size::total       97914696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  12027717000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  25452734600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   1510275000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1001024900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq      8258274                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     16857811                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       193664                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       257312                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    974767500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   6941633500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     29600000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     51469400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedReq              8451938                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedResp            17115123                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           651029                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqFail              187131                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     76661500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          651029                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespFail               8609                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime      1753800                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1004367500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime   6993102900                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy     65536000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       131072                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  13472456000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         19.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     25434637                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy   9302218400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         13.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded      8806360                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  16458272800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         24.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     16108319                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    693268300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       651029                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_access              41720829                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_access              21699051                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            262144                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numCycles                90337263                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedInsts           41458685                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedOps             41458701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     35476444                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_func_calls                  7                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4051270                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_insts            35476444                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_reads     64059644                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_writes     27248363                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    176942817                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     23938432                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_mem_refs             21699051                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_load_insts           17522239                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_store_insts           4176812                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_idle_cycles      30179206.636773                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_busy_cycles      60158056.363227                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.not_idle_fraction        0.665927                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.idle_fraction            0.334073                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.Branches                  5982262                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         19759650     47.66%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemRead        17522239     42.26%     89.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        4176812     10.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::total          41458701                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       262144                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4       262144    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total       262144                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 15460631.082277                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 10973969.740766                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06         2267     33.43%     33.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%     33.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            1      0.01%     33.44% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     33.44% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            5      0.07%     33.52% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            1      0.01%     33.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     33.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            2      0.03%     33.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            1      0.01%     33.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     33.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07         1363     20.10%     53.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07         3142     46.33%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 15459301.175531      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalWrittenBytes        1048576                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples       262144                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607       262144    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total       262144                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples       262143                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 172272.683230                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 117218.952804                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000        13625      5.20%      5.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000        55306     21.10%     26.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     26.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     26.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000        25826      9.85%     36.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000          591      0.23%     36.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     36.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     36.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows       166795     63.63%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        65000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value     21227000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total       262143                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        262143                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     172272.683230                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    117218.952804                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        13625      5.20%      5.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000        55306     21.10%     26.30% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0      0.00%     26.30% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0      0.00%     26.30% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000        25826      9.85%     36.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000          591      0.23%     36.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0      0.00%     36.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0      0.00%     36.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows       166795     63.63%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        65000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value     21227000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::total          262143                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.016662                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.128010                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6669     98.33%     98.33% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1          113      1.67%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::0            6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::mean    38.651578                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev    27.434924                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::0-3         2267     33.43%     33.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::4-7            0      0.00%     33.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::8-11            0      0.00%     33.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::12-15            1      0.01%     33.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::16-19            0      0.00%     33.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::20-23            1      0.01%     33.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::24-27            4      0.06%     33.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::28-31            1      0.01%     33.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::32-35            0      0.00%     33.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::36-39            1      0.01%     33.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::40-43            2      0.03%     33.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::44-47            0      0.00%     33.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::48-51            0      0.00%     33.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::52-55           54      0.80%     34.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::56-59         3913     57.70%     92.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::60-63          538      7.93%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::64-67            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::68-71            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::72-75            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::76-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     59771381                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     59771382                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      4701107                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      4701107                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave       524288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     42873814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total     43398102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     83441659                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total     83441659                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port      2105216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total      2105216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count::total     128944977                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave      1048576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     75129075                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total     76177651                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port    166883320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total    166883320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port      2629506                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total      2629506                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size::total      245690477                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  29885690500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  63547207100                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   4701107000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   3162352100                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     23186658                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     40776289                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       393081                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       257942                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2650286500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  17959753300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    133032500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     51617900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedReq             23579739                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedResp            41034231                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqSuccess          1052608                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqFail              438019                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime    177655500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespSuccess         1052608                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespFail               5049                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime      1087300                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   2783319000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  18011371200                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    262144000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       262144                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  34324653500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         50.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     64210344                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  23079327300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         34.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     21699051                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  42677851800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         62.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     41720830                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    952380100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded      1052608                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_access              20937348                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_access              10885134                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            131072                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numCycles              2389595678                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedInsts           20806273                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedOps             20806280                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     17799992                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_func_calls                  3                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2035056                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_insts            17799992                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_reads     32138735                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_writes     13668145                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     88783872                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     12017915                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_mem_refs             10885133                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_load_insts            8788343                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_store_insts           2096790                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_idle_cycles      1591073024.045876                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_busy_cycles      798522653.954123                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.not_idle_fraction        0.334166                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.idle_fraction            0.665834                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.Branches                  3006292                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntAlu          9921147     47.68%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemRead         8788343     42.24%     89.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        2096790     10.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::total          20806280                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       131072                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4       131072    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total       131072                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 7730580.949572                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 10947232.214536                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06         4522     66.68%     66.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            1      0.01%     66.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     66.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            1      0.01%     66.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            1      0.01%     66.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            1      0.01%     66.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     66.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            1      0.01%     66.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            4      0.06%     66.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            4      0.06%     66.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07          678     10.00%     76.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07         1567     23.11%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            2      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 7729650.587765      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalWrittenBytes         524288                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples       131072                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607       131072    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total       131072                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples       131071                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 172409.869460                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 110043.633258                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000         6728      5.13%      5.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000        28667     21.87%     27.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     27.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     27.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000        12038      9.18%     36.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000          304      0.23%     36.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     36.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     36.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows        83334     63.58%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        65000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value      8534500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total       131071                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        131071                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     172409.869460                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    110043.633258                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000         6728      5.13%      5.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000        28667     21.87%     27.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0      0.00%     27.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0      0.00%     27.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000        12038      9.18%     36.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000          304      0.23%     36.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0      0.00%     36.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0      0.00%     36.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        83334     63.58%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        65000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value      8534500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::total          131071                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.008110                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.089695                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6727     99.19%     99.19% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1           55      0.81%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::0            6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::mean    19.326452                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev    27.368081                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::0-3         4522     66.68%     66.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::4-7            0      0.00%     66.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::8-11            1      0.01%     66.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::12-15            0      0.00%     66.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::16-19            0      0.00%     66.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::20-23            2      0.03%     66.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::24-27            0      0.00%     66.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::28-31            1      0.01%     66.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::32-35            0      0.00%     66.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::36-39            1      0.01%     66.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::40-43            0      0.00%     66.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::44-47            4      0.06%     66.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::48-51            4      0.06%     66.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::52-55           22      0.32%     67.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::56-59         1984     29.25%     96.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::60-63          241      3.55%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::64-67            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::68-71            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::72-75            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::76-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     29990173                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     29990172                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      2358937                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      2358937                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.Smon-slave       262144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     21508123                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total     21770267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     41874696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total     41874696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port      1053256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total      1053256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count::total      64698219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.Smon-slave       524288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     37681885                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total     38206173                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     83749392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total     83749392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port      1315399                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total      1315399                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size::total      123270964                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  14995086500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  31885016400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   2358937000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1587176900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     11635484                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     20457737                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       196743                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       128886                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1329841500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   9014670400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     66751000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     25788200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedReq             11832227                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedResp            20586623                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           526628                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqFail              219016                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     89335000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          526628                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespFail               2326                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       491200                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1396592500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime   9040458600                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    131072000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       131072                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  17222951500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         25.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     32218038                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  11577878200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         17.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     10885133                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  21417627000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         31.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     20937348                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    476688100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       526628                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6782    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::0            6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::0           6782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                     10875                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8162.923193                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       31959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     10875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.938759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3896.951704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     4.028628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst    62.518059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   894.048116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     1.969926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    33.866660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   845.502989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.962101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst    33.671208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   836.737944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     1.630521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.itb.walker     1.276186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst    24.499214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   518.704087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.530541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst    14.849283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   410.629549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     1.254658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst    12.682543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   245.970091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     8.958142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   236.195505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data    70.485540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.475702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.007632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.109137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.004134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.103211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.004110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.102141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.000156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.002991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.063318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.001813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.050126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.001548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.030026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.001094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.028832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.008604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8098                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1606                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5726                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.002930                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988525                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    275815                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   275815                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst          833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst          855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst          733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         1392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst          437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         1862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         2216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         2421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   17160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             4794                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  4794                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   24                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst           833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data          1351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst           855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data          1449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst           733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data          1432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst           437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data          1901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst           981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data          2264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst           731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data          2456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data            84                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    17418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          281                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst          833                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data         1351                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          284                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst          855                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data         1449                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          283                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst          733                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data         1432                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          284                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst          437                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data         1901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          981                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data         2264                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          289                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          731                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data         2456                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          184                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data           84                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   17418                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         2091                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         2052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         2033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         1567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         1298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 10624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 77                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  77                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         2101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         2065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data         2041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data         1577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data          958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  10701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst           76                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         2101                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         2065                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data         2041                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          279                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data         1577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst           10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data          958                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          157                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 10701                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      9274500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    271851000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       453500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      3892000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    266135500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       248500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      1967000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    265100000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       871500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     36312000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    201889999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      1078500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    167574499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       372500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      2370500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    121254500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     20089000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3480000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1375177998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       523000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       340500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       325500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       392500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       718000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       261000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2560500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       130500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       196000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       260500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       326000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       197000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1175500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1239000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1916500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       908497                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1248000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1895999                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1778000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       669500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       9655496                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      9274500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    273090000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       453500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      3892000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    268052000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       248500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      1967000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    266008497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       871500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     36312000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    203137999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      1078500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    169470498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       372500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      2370500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    123032500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     20089000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4149500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1384833494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      9274500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    273090000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       453500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      3892000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    268052000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       248500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      1967000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    266008497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       871500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     36312000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    203137999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      1078500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    169470498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       372500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      2370500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    123032500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     20089000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4149500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1384833494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         3398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         3460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         3425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         3429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         3514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         3363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           99                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               27784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         4794                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              4794                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              101                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               335                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data         3452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data         3514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data         3473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data         3478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data         3577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data         3414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                28119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data         3452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data         3514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data         3473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data         3478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data         3577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data         3414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               28119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.020906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.083608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.615362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.010453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.040404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.593064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.007018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.022667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.593577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.024055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.389665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.456985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.003484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.010091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.369380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.010274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.024032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.280107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.460411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.262626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.382378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.882353                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.647059                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.615385                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.762376                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.714286                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.875000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.875000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.720930                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.185185                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.240741                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.204082                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.313725                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.229851                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.020906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.083608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.608633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.010453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.040404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.587649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.007018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.022667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.587676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.024055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.389665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.453422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.003484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.010091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.367067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.010274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.024032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.280609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.460411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.269565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.380561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.020906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.083608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.608633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.010453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.040404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.587649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.007018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.022667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.587676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.024055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.389665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.453422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.003484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.010091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.367067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.010274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.024032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.280609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.460411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.269565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.380561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 139833.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 122032.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 130010.043042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 151166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 108111.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129695.662768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       124250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 115705.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 130398.425971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 130150.537634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 128838.544352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       107850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 129102.079353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 124166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 131694.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 128720.276008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 127955.414013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 133846.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129440.700113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 34866.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 21281.250000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 29590.909091                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 65416.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 47866.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        43500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33253.246753                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        32750                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        26100                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        49000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        65125                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 46571.428571                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 28142.857143                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37919.354839                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       123900                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 147423.076923                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 113562.125000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 126399.933333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       111125                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       133900                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125396.051948                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 139833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 122032.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129980.961447                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 151166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 108111.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129807.263923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       124250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 115705.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 130332.433611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 130150.537634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 128812.935320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       107850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 129071.209444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 124166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 131694.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 128426.409186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 127955.414013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 133854.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129411.596486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 139833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 122032.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129980.961447                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 151166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 108111.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129807.263923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       124250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 115705.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 130332.433611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 130150.537634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 128812.935320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       107850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 129071.209444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 124166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 131694.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 128426.409186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 127955.414013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 133854.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129411.596486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 6748                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      6748                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 59                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  59                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 59                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         2086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         2052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         2033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         1298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            10565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            77                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             77                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         2096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         2065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         2041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             10642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           56                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         2096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         2065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         2041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         1313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            10642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       773000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6606500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    248331500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       420500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      2461000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    243563500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       226500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      1394500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    242737000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       794500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     32501000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    184652999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    153296499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       339500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1757000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    110892500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     18362000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3194000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1253215998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       815500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       884000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       598000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       326500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       823000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       326000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       447500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4220500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       108500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       271500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       217000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       216500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       383500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       380500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       108000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1685500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1129000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1773500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       820497                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1138000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1730999                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1602000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       614500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8808496                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       773000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6606500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    249460500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       420500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      2461000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    245337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       226500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      1394500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    243557497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       794500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     32501000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    185790999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    155027498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       339500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1757000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    112494500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     18362000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3808500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1262024494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       773000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6606500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    249460500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       420500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      2461000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    245337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       226500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      1394500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    243557497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       794500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     32501000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    185790999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    155027498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       339500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1757000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    112494500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     18362000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3808500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1262024494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  11799185500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  11795694000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  11799353500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  11797470500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  11811302000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  11838035000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  70841080500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data   5914690500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data   5914629000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data   5915689000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data   5915659500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data   5915251000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data   5914266000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        54500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  35490239500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  17713876000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  17710323000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  17715042500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  17713130000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  17726553000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  17752301000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        94500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 106331320000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.020906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.061606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.613891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.010453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.023569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.593064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.007018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.016000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.593577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.024055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.379888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.456985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.007064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.369380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.010274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.018692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.280107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.460411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.262626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.380255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.882353                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.647059                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.615385                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.762376                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720930                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.185185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.240741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.204082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.313725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.020906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.061606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.607184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.010453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.023569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.587649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.007018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.016000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.587676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.024055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.379888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.453422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.007064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.367067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.010274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.018692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.280609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.460411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.269565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.378463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.020906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.061606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.607184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.010453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.023569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.587649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.007018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.016000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.587676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.024055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.379888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.453422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.007064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.367067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.010274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.018692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.280609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.460411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.269565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.378463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 128833.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 117973.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 119046.740173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 140166.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 117190.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118695.662768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       113250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 116208.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 119398.425971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 119488.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 117838.544352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 114142.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 118102.079353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 113166.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       125500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 117720.276008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 116955.414013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 122846.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118619.592806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54366.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        55250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54363.636364                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54416.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54866.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 55937.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54811.688312                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54300                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        54125                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54785.714286                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54357.142857                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54370.967742                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       112900                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 136423.076923                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 102562.125000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       113800                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 115399.933333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       100125                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       122900                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114396.051948                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 128833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 117973.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 119017.414122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 140166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 117190.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118807.263923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 116208.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 119332.433611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 119488.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 117812.935320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 114142.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 118071.209444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 113166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       125500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 117426.409186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 116955.414013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 122854.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118589.033452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 128833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 117973.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 119017.414122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 140166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 117190.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118807.263923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 116208.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 119332.433611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 119488.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 117812.935320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 114142.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 118071.209444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 113166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       125500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 117426.409186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 116955.414013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 122854.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118589.033452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                     108437                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples       590198                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean       3.501540                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.295410                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev     17.181252                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         587483     99.54%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         2715      0.46%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total        590198                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       297625                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.088289                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.586155                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    18.946540                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15        295955     99.44%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         1670      0.56%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total       297625                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples          6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     30433736.360955                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean    27029759.902544                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    20644959.911011                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         4572     67.41%     67.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1909     28.15%     95.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          281      4.14%     99.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            2      0.03%     99.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.01%     99.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            2      0.03%     99.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            3      0.04%     99.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            6      0.09%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            4      0.06%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total            6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        30468199.470477      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                   2066602                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    17918327.926865                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean   14905215.397881                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   14925361.231161                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         5384     79.39%     79.39% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1373     20.24%     99.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           11      0.16%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            3      0.04%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            6      0.09%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            2      0.03%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total           6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       17939111.811122      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                1216777                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples          590198                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       11975.301509                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      11677.696176                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev       6136.804131                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383          587150     99.48%     99.48% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767          333      0.06%     99.54% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%     99.54% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%     99.54% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%     99.54% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         2435      0.41%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           51      0.01%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071           51      0.01%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           60      0.01%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           52      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           41      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           20      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total            590198                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples         295955                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean      11604.286462                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11599.367556                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev       366.640453                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0-2047               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287       282598     95.49%     95.49% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335        13191      4.46%     99.94% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383           44      0.01%     99.96% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431           26      0.01%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479           20      0.01%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527           27      0.01%     99.98% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575           20      0.01%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623           17      0.01%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671           12      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total           295955                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples              590198                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           115178.355399                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          208177.859388                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                   28      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000              217      0.04%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000             552      0.09%      0.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000            1002      0.17%      0.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000            2153      0.36%      0.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000            4509      0.76%      1.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000            6792      1.15%      2.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000            7899      1.34%      3.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000            9295      1.57%      5.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000           11851      2.01%      7.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000           19438      3.29%     10.80% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000           26077      4.42%     15.22% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000           25081      4.25%     19.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000           25174      4.27%     23.73% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000           26775      4.54%     28.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000           34512      5.85%     34.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000           32610      5.53%     39.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000           32073      5.43%     45.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000           24494      4.15%     49.23% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000          21647      3.67%     52.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows            278019     47.11%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value         150110000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                590198                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples            297625                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         227889.901722                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        175891.332705                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  3      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000             43      0.01%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            99      0.03%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000           226      0.08%      0.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000           425      0.14%      0.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000           802      0.27%      0.54% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000          1208      0.41%      0.94% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000          1641      0.55%      1.49% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000          1993      0.67%      2.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          2725      0.92%      3.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000          3922      1.32%      4.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000          4776      1.60%      6.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          5151      1.73%      7.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000          6053      2.03%      9.77% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000          6800      2.28%     12.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000          8917      3.00%     15.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000          5751      1.93%     16.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000          5384      1.81%     18.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000         24105      8.10%     26.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         3289      1.11%     27.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows          214312     72.01%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value            3000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value        14564000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total              297625                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                887823                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             76398.296733                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            32287.051090                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                     71      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                490      0.06%      0.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000              1221      0.14%      0.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000              2356      0.27%      0.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000              5079      0.57%      1.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000              9886      1.11%      2.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000             15071      1.70%      3.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000             18745      2.11%      5.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000             22157      2.50%      8.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000             28445      3.20%     11.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000             42523      4.79%     16.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000             55366      6.24%     22.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000             60459      6.81%     29.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000             60651      6.83%     36.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000             63790      7.18%     43.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000             78168      8.80%     52.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000            134228     15.12%     67.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000             69180      7.79%     75.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000             73944      8.33%     83.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000            41008      4.62%     88.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows              104985     11.82%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value             9372000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                  887823                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.095694                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.295693                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0             6136     90.47%     90.47% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              643      9.48%     99.96% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                3      0.04%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.048363                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.214549                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0            6454     95.16%     95.16% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1             328      4.84%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples              6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean            87.020790                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean           86.552484                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            7.648101                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-7                     3      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-15                    4      0.06%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-23                   0      0.00%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-31                   6      0.09%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-39                   2      0.03%      0.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::40-47                   1      0.01%      0.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-55                   2      0.03%      0.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::56-63                   5      0.07%      0.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-71                  82      1.21%      1.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::72-79                 827     12.19%     13.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::80-87                2553     37.64%     51.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::88-95                2541     37.47%     88.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::96-103                710     10.47%     99.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::104-111                46      0.68%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples             6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean           43.882778                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean          43.246330                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           7.041724                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0-3                    4      0.06%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4-7                    2      0.03%      0.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8-11                   1      0.01%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12-15                  2      0.03%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16-19                  4      0.06%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::20-23                  6      0.09%      0.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::24-27                 44      0.65%      0.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::28-31                184      2.71%      3.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::32-35                499      7.36%     11.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::36-39               1008     14.86%     25.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::40-43               1477     21.78%     47.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::44-47               1546     22.80%     70.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::48-51               1066     15.72%     86.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::52-55                621      9.16%     95.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::56-59                230      3.39%     98.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::60-63                 70      1.03%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::64-67                 15      0.22%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::68-71                  3      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::72-75                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::76-79                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total               6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples       592009                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean       3.449201                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.293546                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev     16.790195                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         589409     99.56%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         2600      0.44%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total        592009                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       295813                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.126685                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.586997                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    19.206146                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15        294107     99.42%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         1706      0.58%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total       295813                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples          6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     30074107.932763                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean    26802076.108932                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    19750735.477143                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         4665     68.79%     68.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1814     26.75%     95.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          282      4.16%     99.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.01%     99.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            3      0.04%     99.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            5      0.07%     99.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            3      0.04%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.01%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            3      0.04%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.01%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            3      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total            6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        30104869.565758      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                   2041958                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    17984163.963433                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean   14895172.763480                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   15298194.720881                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         5365     79.11%     79.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1390     20.50%     99.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           10      0.15%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            8      0.12%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.03%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            2      0.03%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.01%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total           6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       17997347.208121      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                1220727                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples          592009                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       11958.823768                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      11672.012268                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev       6067.123677                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383          589087     99.51%     99.51% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767          322      0.05%     99.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%     99.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%     99.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%     99.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         2323      0.39%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           58      0.01%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071           41      0.01%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           45      0.01%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           44      0.01%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           54      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           30      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total            592009                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples         294106                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean      11604.901974                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11599.850827                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev       375.053162                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-2047               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287       280801     95.48%     95.48% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335        13138      4.47%     99.94% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383           42      0.01%     99.96% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431           29      0.01%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479           15      0.01%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527           25      0.01%     99.98% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575           17      0.01%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623           16      0.01%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671           23      0.01%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total           294106                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples              592009                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           114569.376479                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          70738.537431                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                   48      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000              215      0.04%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000             522      0.09%      0.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000            1089      0.18%      0.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000            2196      0.37%      0.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000            4483      0.76%      1.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000            6747      1.14%      2.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000            8049      1.36%      3.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000            9365      1.58%      5.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000           11997      2.03%      7.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000           19287      3.26%     10.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000           27097      4.58%     15.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000           25101      4.24%     19.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000           25223      4.26%     23.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000           27188      4.59%     28.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000           34888      5.89%     34.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000           32747      5.53%     39.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000           32451      5.48%     45.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000           24417      4.12%     49.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000          21904      3.70%     53.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows            276995     46.79%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value           9301000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                592009                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples            295813                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         229754.297478                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        308010.474324                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  3      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000             57      0.02%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            90      0.03%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000           212      0.07%      0.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000           428      0.14%      0.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000           777      0.26%      0.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000          1221      0.41%      0.94% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000          1661      0.56%      1.50% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000          2007      0.68%      2.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          2744      0.93%      3.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000          3933      1.33%      4.44% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000          4687      1.58%      6.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          5192      1.76%      7.78% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000          6135      2.07%      9.85% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000          6611      2.23%     12.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000          8837      2.99%     15.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000          5657      1.91%     16.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000          5137      1.74%     18.72% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000         23813      8.05%     26.77% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         3178      1.07%     27.85% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows          213433     72.15%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value            4000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value       136612000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total              295813                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                887822                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             76398.526957                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            31176.046875                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                     82      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                471      0.05%      0.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000              1131      0.13%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000              2355      0.27%      0.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000              5045      0.57%      1.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000              9825      1.11%      2.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000             14982      1.69%      3.82% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000             18816      2.12%      5.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000             22107      2.49%      8.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000             28653      3.23%     11.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000             41997      4.73%     16.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000             55905      6.30%     22.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000             60648      6.83%     29.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000             60604      6.83%     36.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000             64062      7.22%     43.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000             78275      8.82%     52.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000            133827     15.07%     67.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000             69217      7.80%     75.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000             73719      8.30%     83.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000            41221      4.64%     88.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows              104880     11.81%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value             8979000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                  887822                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.103362                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.304937                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0             6082     89.68%     89.68% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              699     10.31%     99.99% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                1      0.01%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.046889                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.211416                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0            6464     95.31%     95.31% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1             318      4.69%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples              6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean            87.287968                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean           86.829118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            7.680854                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-7                     4      0.06%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-15                    3      0.04%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-23                   0      0.00%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-31                   4      0.06%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-39                   5      0.07%      0.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::40-47                   1      0.01%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-55                   2      0.03%      0.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::56-63                   3      0.04%      0.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-71                  75      1.11%      1.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::72-79                 764     11.27%     12.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::80-87                2503     36.91%     49.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::88-95                2602     38.37%     87.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::96-103                748     11.03%     99.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::104-111                68      1.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples             6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean           43.615600                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean          42.962087                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           7.087721                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0-3                    3      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4-7                    2      0.03%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8-11                   3      0.04%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12-15                  3      0.04%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16-19                  4      0.06%      0.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::20-23                  7      0.10%      0.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::24-27                 53      0.78%      1.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::28-31                198      2.92%      4.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::32-35                542      7.99%     12.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::36-39               1050     15.48%     27.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::40-43               1492     22.00%     49.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::44-47               1416     20.88%     70.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::48-51               1141     16.82%     87.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::52-55                580      8.55%     95.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::56-59                211      3.11%     98.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::60-63                 62      0.91%     99.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::64-67                 12      0.18%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::68-71                  2      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::72-75                  1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::76-79                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total               6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples       590314                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean       3.451270                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.293432                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev     16.807709                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         587716     99.56%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         2598      0.44%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total        590314                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       297506                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.133449                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.589285                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    19.235053                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15        295785     99.42%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         1721      0.58%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total       297506                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples          6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     30021040.990858                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean    26679609.527625                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    20779364.712483                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         4693     69.20%     69.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1780     26.25%     95.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          290      4.28%     99.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.01%     99.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.01%     99.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            3      0.04%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.01%     99.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            3      0.04%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            1      0.01%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            2      0.03%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            4      0.06%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total            6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        30036682.550285      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                   2037333                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    18097906.222353                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean   14996885.439996                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   14977657.795649                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         5349     78.87%     78.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1406     20.73%     99.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           10      0.15%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            4      0.06%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            5      0.07%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            4      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            3      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total           6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       18130020.711308      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                1229726                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples          590314                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       11958.364023                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      11672.631825                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev       6034.108474                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383          587404     99.51%     99.51% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767          312      0.05%     99.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%     99.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%     99.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      0.00%     99.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         2332      0.40%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           54      0.01%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071           44      0.01%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           41      0.01%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           49      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           48      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           26      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total            590314                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples         295785                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean      11605.869128                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11600.599268                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev       385.760544                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-2047               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287       282489     95.50%     95.50% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335        13096      4.43%     99.93% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383           60      0.02%     99.95% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431           21      0.01%     99.96% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479           26      0.01%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527           20      0.01%     99.98% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575           28      0.01%     99.98% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623           24      0.01%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671           21      0.01%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total           295785                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples              590314                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           115152.999929                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          207649.628869                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                   28      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000              215      0.04%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000             520      0.09%      0.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000            1024      0.17%      0.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000            2288      0.39%      0.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000            4426      0.75%      1.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000            6723      1.14%      2.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000            8091      1.37%      3.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000            9475      1.61%      5.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000           11873      2.01%      7.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000           19341      3.28%     10.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000           26066      4.42%     15.26% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000           25011      4.24%     19.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000           25169      4.26%     23.76% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000           26754      4.53%     28.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000           34435      5.83%     34.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000           32536      5.51%     39.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000           31923      5.41%     45.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000           24394      4.13%     49.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000          21493      3.64%     52.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows            278529     47.18%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value         149682000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                590314                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples            297506                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         227971.886281                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        175868.715797                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  6      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000             46      0.02%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            98      0.03%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000           236      0.08%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000           410      0.14%      0.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000           763      0.26%      0.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000          1179      0.40%      0.92% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000          1623      0.55%      1.47% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000          2043      0.69%      2.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          2716      0.91%      3.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000          3831      1.29%      4.35% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000          4889      1.64%      6.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          5173      1.74%      7.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000          5940      2.00%      9.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000          6752      2.27%     12.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000          8974      3.02%     15.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000          5635      1.89%     16.91% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000          5278      1.77%     18.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000         24113      8.11%     26.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         3359      1.13%     27.92% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows          214442     72.08%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value            3000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value        13416000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total              297506                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                887820                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             76397.282107                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            31238.998298                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                     63      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                472      0.05%      0.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000              1130      0.13%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000              2376      0.27%      0.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000              5224      0.59%      1.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000              9734      1.10%      2.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000             14967      1.69%      3.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000             18885      2.13%      5.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000             22408      2.52%      8.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000             28634      3.23%     11.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000             42331      4.77%     16.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000             55262      6.22%     22.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000             60857      6.85%     29.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000             60425      6.81%     36.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000             63586      7.16%     43.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000             78256      8.81%     52.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000            134039     15.10%     67.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000             69076      7.78%     75.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000             73759      8.31%     83.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000            40952      4.61%     88.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows              105384     11.87%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value             8993000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                  887820                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.101740                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.304273                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0             6096     89.88%     89.88% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              682     10.06%     99.94% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                4      0.06%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.048068                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.213927                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0            6456     95.19%     95.19% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1             326      4.81%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples              6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean            87.038927                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean           86.572293                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            7.615964                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-7                     4      0.06%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-15                    3      0.04%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-23                   1      0.01%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-31                   2      0.03%      0.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-39                   4      0.06%      0.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::40-47                   2      0.03%      0.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-55                   2      0.03%      0.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::56-63                   2      0.03%      0.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-71                  79      1.16%      1.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::72-79                 813     11.99%     13.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::80-87                2586     38.13%     51.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::88-95                2522     37.19%     88.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::96-103                713     10.51%     99.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::104-111                49      0.72%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples             6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean           43.864494                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean          43.232192                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           7.010625                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0-3                    2      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4-7                    4      0.06%      0.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8-11                   1      0.01%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12-15                  3      0.04%      0.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16-19                  5      0.07%      0.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::20-23                  4      0.06%      0.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::24-27                 48      0.71%      0.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::28-31                178      2.62%      3.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::32-35                507      7.48%     11.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::36-39               1039     15.32%     26.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::40-43               1449     21.37%     47.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::44-47               1495     22.04%     69.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::48-51               1113     16.41%     86.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::52-55                632      9.32%     95.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::56-59                224      3.30%     98.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::60-63                 64      0.94%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::64-67                 13      0.19%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::68-71                  1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::72-75                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::76-79                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total               6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples       592349                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean       3.494631                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.292781                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev     17.153459                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         589633     99.54%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         2716      0.46%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total        592349                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       295471                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.081703                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.585292                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    18.907351                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15        293820     99.44%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         1651      0.56%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total       295471                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples          6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     30499454.438219                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean    27067933.091249                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    20370093.858014                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         4604     67.89%     67.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1832     27.01%     94.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          324      4.78%     99.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            2      0.03%     99.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.01%     99.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            5      0.07%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            3      0.04%     99.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            4      0.06%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            2      0.03%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.01%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            3      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total            6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        30518901.123712      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                   2070041                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    17755986.434680                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean   14771925.732078                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   14153236.586620                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         5338     78.71%     78.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           60      0.88%     79.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07         1216     17.93%     97.52% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          144      2.12%     99.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            4      0.06%     99.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            6      0.09%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            2      0.03%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.01%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            1      0.01%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            4      0.06%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            3      0.04%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total           6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       17780593.586177      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                1206025                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples          592349                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       11972.992104                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      11676.809113                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev       6117.740183                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383          589299     99.49%     99.49% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767          334      0.06%     99.54% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      0.00%     99.54% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%     99.54% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      0.00%     99.54% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         2427      0.41%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           56      0.01%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071           55      0.01%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           61      0.01%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           55      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           33      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           23      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total            592349                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples         293821                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean      11604.844446                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11599.806342                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev       373.106840                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-2047               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287       280579     95.49%     95.49% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335        13075      4.45%     99.94% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383           37      0.01%     99.96% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431           27      0.01%     99.96% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479           19      0.01%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527           32      0.01%     99.98% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575           20      0.01%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623           16      0.01%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671           14      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            2      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total           293821                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples              592349                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           114505.889265                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          71058.115914                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                   36      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000              185      0.03%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000             593      0.10%      0.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000            1106      0.19%      0.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000            2205      0.37%      0.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000            4362      0.74%      1.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000            6886      1.16%      2.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000            8163      1.38%      3.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000            9517      1.61%      5.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000           11864      2.00%      7.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000           19454      3.28%     10.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000           26862      4.53%     15.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000           25000      4.22%     19.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000           25074      4.23%     23.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000           27455      4.63%     28.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000           34853      5.88%     34.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000           33161      5.60%     39.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000           32069      5.41%     45.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000           24458      4.13%     49.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000          21806      3.68%     53.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows            277240     46.80%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value           9285000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                592349                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples            295471                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         229548.185778                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        177706.049675                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  2      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000             35      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000           122      0.04%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000           193      0.07%      0.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000           425      0.14%      0.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000           780      0.26%      0.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000          1248      0.42%      0.95% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000          1657      0.56%      1.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000          2055      0.70%      2.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          2669      0.90%      3.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000          3726      1.26%      4.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000          4878      1.65%      6.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          4974      1.68%      7.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000          6091      2.06%      9.77% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000          6706      2.27%     12.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000          8780      2.97%     15.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000          5635      1.91%     16.91% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000          5407      1.83%     18.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000         23679      8.01%     26.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         3234      1.09%     27.85% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows          213175     72.15%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value            3000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value        12955000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total              295471                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                887820                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             76397.440923                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            31524.056384                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                     66      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                421      0.05%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000              1266      0.14%      0.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000              2448      0.28%      0.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000              5061      0.57%      1.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000              9742      1.10%      2.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000             15281      1.72%      3.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000             18981      2.14%      6.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000             22422      2.53%      8.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000             28246      3.18%     11.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000             42061      4.74%     16.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000             55795      6.28%     22.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000             60251      6.79%     29.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000             60265      6.79%     36.30% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000             63873      7.19%     43.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000             78597      8.85%     52.35% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000            134206     15.12%     67.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000             68754      7.74%     75.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000             73661      8.30%     83.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000            40984      4.62%     88.12% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows              105439     11.88%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value             9285000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                  887820                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.098201                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.297608                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0             6116     90.18%     90.18% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              666      9.82%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.049543                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.217015                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0            6446     95.05%     95.05% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1             336      4.95%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples              6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean            87.338691                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean           86.872426                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            7.696413                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-7                     5      0.07%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-15                    2      0.03%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-23                   2      0.03%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-31                   1      0.01%      0.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-39                   6      0.09%      0.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::40-47                   0      0.00%      0.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-55                   3      0.04%      0.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::56-63                   3      0.04%      0.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-71                  76      1.12%      1.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::72-79                 752     11.09%     12.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::80-87                2523     37.20%     49.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::88-95                2586     38.13%     87.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::96-103                767     11.31%     99.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::104-111                55      0.81%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::112-119                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples             6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean           43.564583                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean          42.922508                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           7.074521                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0-3                    3      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4-7                    3      0.04%      0.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8-11                   1      0.01%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12-15                  4      0.06%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16-19                  4      0.06%      0.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::20-23                 10      0.15%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::24-27                 45      0.66%      1.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::28-31                207      3.05%      4.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::32-35                529      7.80%     11.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::36-39               1075     15.85%     27.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::40-43               1449     21.37%     49.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::44-47               1537     22.66%     71.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::48-51               1054     15.54%     87.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::52-55                550      8.11%     95.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::56-59                235      3.47%     98.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::60-63                 60      0.88%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::64-67                 14      0.21%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::68-71                  2      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::72-75                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::76-79                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total               6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples      2364874                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean        3.474586                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean       2.293809                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      16.987322                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         2354241     99.55%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        10633      0.45%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total        2364874                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples      1186415                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean       4.107547                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.586935                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     19.074419                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15        1179667     99.43%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         6748      0.57%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total       1186415                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples           6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      121028369.212622                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean     116283324.773807                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     59992684.705893                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08         5801     85.54%     85.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08          957     14.11%     99.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            2      0.03%     99.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            3      0.04%     99.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            6      0.09%     99.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            2      0.03%     99.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            4      0.06%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            2      0.03%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            4      0.06%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total             6782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         121128652.710232      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                    8215934                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     71756384.547331                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean    66833543.155700                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    39485161.061361                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07         2668     39.34%     39.34% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08         4017     59.23%     98.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08           73      1.08%     99.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.03%     99.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08            2      0.03%     99.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08            4      0.06%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.01%     99.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            4      0.06%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            3      0.04%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            2      0.03%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            3      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            1      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total            6782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        71847073.316728      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                 4873255                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples          2364870                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        20476.769970                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       20221.409585                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev        6116.879027                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767      2351817     99.45%     99.45% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151         2417      0.10%     99.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            8      0.00%     99.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            2      0.00%     99.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%     99.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         9604      0.41%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          212      0.01%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          211      0.01%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          205      0.01%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          194      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           88      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759          106      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total            2364870                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples         1179667                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean       20075.763330                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20068.285190                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev        666.558172                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-4095                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-20479      1114939     94.51%     94.51% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-24575        62682      5.31%     99.83% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-28671          538      0.05%     99.87% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-32767          527      0.04%     99.92% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-36863          464      0.04%     99.96% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-40959          181      0.02%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::40960-45055          190      0.02%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::45056-49151          142      0.01%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::49152-53247            4      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::53248-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::57344-61439            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::61440-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::65536-69631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::69632-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::73728-77823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::77824-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total           1179667                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples              2364874                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            28681.500579                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           27236.681723                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                393980     16.66%     16.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            269091     11.38%     28.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000           215213      9.10%     37.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000           199419      8.43%     45.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000           200458      8.48%     54.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000           196189      8.30%     62.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000           151477      6.41%     68.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000           112075      4.74%     73.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            92065      3.89%     77.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            88026      3.72%     81.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            98763      4.18%     85.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            86090      3.64%     88.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            53557      2.26%     91.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            41483      1.75%     92.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            36417      1.54%     94.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            34365      1.45%     95.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            27798      1.18%     97.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            22045      0.93%     98.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            14022      0.59%     98.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           11141      0.47%     99.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows              21200      0.90%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value            8982500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                2364874                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples            1186415                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          57170.689008                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         46493.516468                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000               78707      6.63%      6.63% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000           63694      5.37%     12.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          57810      4.87%     16.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000          65813      5.55%     22.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000          62167      5.24%     27.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          59310      5.00%     32.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000          54464      4.59%     37.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000          50603      4.27%     41.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000          46513      3.92%     45.44% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          47676      4.02%     49.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000          50470      4.25%     53.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000          47621      4.01%     57.72% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          40172      3.39%     61.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000          39381      3.32%     64.43% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000          38195      3.22%     67.65% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000          41681      3.51%     71.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000          30922      2.61%     73.77% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000          33407      2.82%     76.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000         152544     12.86%     89.44% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         17272      1.46%     90.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows           107993      9.10%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value             1000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value          8943500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total              1186415                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                3551289                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              19099.589755                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             19337.707867                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                  845557     23.81%     23.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000              547042     15.40%     39.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000             422015     11.88%     51.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000             371713     10.47%     61.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000             337552      9.51%     71.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000             281558      7.93%     79.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000             202073      5.69%     84.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000             139193      3.92%     88.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000             105855      2.98%     91.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000              89244      2.51%     94.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000              76581      2.16%     96.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000              53721      1.51%     97.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000              30350      0.85%     98.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000              18646      0.53%     99.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000              13048      0.37%     99.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000               9039      0.25%     99.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000               5096      0.14%     99.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000               1467      0.04%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                808      0.02%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000               219      0.01%     99.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                  512      0.01%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value              8933500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                  3551289                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.712179                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.811379                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              3244     47.83%     47.83% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1              2469     36.41%     84.24% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2               868     12.80%     97.04% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3               179      2.64%     99.68% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                22      0.32%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total          6782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean      0.347390                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.553248                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0             4678     68.98%     68.98% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1             1869     27.56%     96.53% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2              218      3.21%     99.75% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3               17      0.25%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6782                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples               6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            348.686965                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean           347.910128                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            13.988063                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-31                     4      0.06%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-63                    3      0.04%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-95                    0      0.00%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-127                   6      0.09%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-159                  3      0.04%      0.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::160-191                  0      0.00%      0.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-223                  2      0.03%      0.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::224-255                  2      0.03%      0.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-287                  4      0.06%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::288-319                  2      0.03%      0.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::320-351               4947     72.94%     73.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::352-383               1809     26.67%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::384-415                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::416-447                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::448-479                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::480-511                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::512-543                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::544-575                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::576-607                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::608-639                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                 6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples              6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean           174.927455                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean          174.548104                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            7.327411                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-15                    4      0.06%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-31                   2      0.03%      0.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-47                   1      0.01%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::48-63                   3      0.04%      0.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::64-79                   5      0.07%      0.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::80-95                   1      0.01%      0.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::96-111                  1      0.01%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::112-127                 3      0.04%      0.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::128-143                 3      0.04%      0.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::144-159                 3      0.04%      0.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::160-175              3591     52.95%     53.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::176-191              3162     46.62%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::192-207                 2      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::208-223                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::224-239                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                6782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     8710692                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       141                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3409648                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        6                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 8710833                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                3409654                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         12120340                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                            147                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     12120487                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    30132211                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                30132211                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         30132211                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     30132211                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       135626412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   27123970                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     28309352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             26996179                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1179766                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      1182621                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    26996179                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           43713419                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          21814756                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           111064116                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           10093751                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     12121325                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    8711045                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3410280                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              29909.411127                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              135596502.588873                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.999779                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000221                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2493569                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 15862381     56.03%     56.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  326764      1.15%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 8711045     30.77%     87.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3410280     12.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  28310478                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              909                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           30401605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              909                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         33445.110011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         60265331                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        60265331                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     30131302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       30131302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     30131302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        30131302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     30131302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       30131302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     24314446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     24314446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     24314446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     24314446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     24314446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     24314446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     30132211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30132211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     30132211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     30132211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     30132211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     30132211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 26748.565457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26748.565457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 26748.565457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26748.565457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 26748.565457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26748.565457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     22452554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22452554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     22452554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22452554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     22452554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22452554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 24700.279428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24700.279428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 24700.279428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24700.279428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 24700.279428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24700.279428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               144                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             3990                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          251.001982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           12471590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3990                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          3125.711779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   251.001982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.980476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.945312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         23067457                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        23067457                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      8314228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8314228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      3212744                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3212744                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           74                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           74                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           85                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           85                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     11526972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        11526972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     11527046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       11527046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         4074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          126                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          126                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           52                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           52                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           72                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           72                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         4200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          4200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         4252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         4252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    303289404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    303289404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4260997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4260997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1098500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1098500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1823000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1823000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        99500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        99500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    307550401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    307550401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    307550401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    307550401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      8318302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8318302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      3212870                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3212870                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          126                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          157                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     11531172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11531172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     11531298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11531298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000039                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.412698                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.412698                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.378049                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.378049                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.458599                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.458599                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 74445.116348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74445.116348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 33817.436508                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33817.436508                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 17717.741935                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17717.741935                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 25319.444444                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25319.444444                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 73226.285952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73226.285952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 72330.762230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72330.762230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          228                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              228                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         4074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           52                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           69                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         4200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         4252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    295066590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    295066590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4007003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4007003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       910000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       910000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       172500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       172500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1689000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1689000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        95500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        95500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    299073593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    299073593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    299983593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    299983593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  16526184013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16526184013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data   8180483009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8180483009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  24706667022                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  24706667022                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.412698                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412698                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.085366                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085366                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.439490                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439490                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 72426.752577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72426.752577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 31801.611111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31801.611111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        17500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        17500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 12321.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12321.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 24478.260870                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24478.260870                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 71207.998333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71207.998333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 70551.174271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70551.174271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry             14631                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     8709963                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       143                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    3409432                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        5                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 8710106                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                3409437                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         12119395                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                            148                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     12119543                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    30129905                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                30129905                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         30129905                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     30129905                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       135597470                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   27121972                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     28307348                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             26994111                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    1179713                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1182566                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    26994111                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           43710318                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          21813124                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           111055867                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           10092942                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     12120336                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    8710279                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   3410057                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              65457.612162                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              135532012.387838                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.999517                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.000483                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          2493476                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 15861399     56.03%     56.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  326694      1.15%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 8710279     30.77%     87.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                3410057     12.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  28308437                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      20                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              891                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           30383181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         34100.090909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         60260701                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        60260701                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     30129014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       30129014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     30129014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        30129014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     30129014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       30129014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     18780937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18780937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     18780937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18780937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     18780937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18780937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     30129905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30129905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     30129905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     30129905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     30129905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     30129905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 21078.492705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21078.492705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 21078.492705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21078.492705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 21078.492705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21078.492705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     16951063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16951063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     16951063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16951063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     16951063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16951063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 19024.762065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19024.762065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 19024.762065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19024.762065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 19024.762065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19024.762065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               141                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             4070                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          250.655363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            4094017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1005.900983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   250.655363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.979123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.859375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         23065763                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        23065763                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      8313450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8313450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      3212538                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3212538                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           70                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           70                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          108                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          108                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           75                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           75                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data     11525988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        11525988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     11526058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       11526058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         4161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          122                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          122                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           56                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           56                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           67                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           67                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         4283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          4283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         4339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         4339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    298628915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    298628915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      5258995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5258995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1296000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1296000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2106500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2106500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    303887910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    303887910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    303887910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    303887910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      8317611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8317611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      3212660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3212660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          126                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     11530271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11530271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     11530397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11530397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000038                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.444444                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.444444                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.382857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.382857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.512987                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.512987                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 71768.544821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71768.544821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 43106.516393                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43106.516393                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 19343.283582                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19343.283582                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 26664.556962                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26664.556962                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 70952.115340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70952.115340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 70036.393178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70036.393178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         4161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           56                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         4283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         4339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    290238079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    290238079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      5011005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5011005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1003000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1003000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       272000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       272000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1954500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1954500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data         2500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         2500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    295249084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    295249084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    296252084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    296252084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  16519900016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16519900016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data   8181425001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8181425001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  24701325017                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  24701325017                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.085714                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085714                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 69752.001682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69752.001682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 41073.811475                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41073.811475                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 17910.714286                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17910.714286                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18133.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18133.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 25383.116883                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25383.116883                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 68935.111837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68935.111837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 68276.580779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68276.580779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry             13694                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     8711014                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                       141                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    3409307                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        5                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 8711155                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                3409312                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                         12120321                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                            146                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                     12120467                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                    30133199                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                30133199                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                         30133199                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                     30133199                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                       135588752                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   27124392                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     28309206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             26996214                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    1179787                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1182328                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    26996214                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           43712088                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          21815421                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           111064048                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           10093370                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     12121166                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    8711288                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   3409878                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              67621.309251                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              135521130.690749                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999501                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000499                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          2493307                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 15862179     56.03%     56.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                  326839      1.15%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 8711288     30.77%     87.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                3409878     12.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  28310186                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              750                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           30367663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         40490.217333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         60267148                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        60267148                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst     30132449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       30132449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst     30132449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        30132449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst     30132449                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       30132449                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     14883443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14883443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     14883443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14883443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     14883443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14883443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     30133199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30133199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     30133199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     30133199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     30133199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     30133199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 19844.590667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19844.590667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 19844.590667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19844.590667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 19844.590667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19844.590667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     13344557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13344557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     13344557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13344557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     13344557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13344557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17792.742667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17792.742667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17792.742667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17792.742667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17792.742667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17792.742667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry               128                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements             3990                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          251.133804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           12485233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3990                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          3129.131078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   251.133804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.980991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.871094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         23067206                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        23067206                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      8314518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8314518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      3212465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3212465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           52                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           52                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           60                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           60                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data     11526983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        11526983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data     11527035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       11527035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         4103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          121                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          121                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           29                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           29                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           44                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           44                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data         4224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          4224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data         4253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         4253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    297791917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    297791917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3700494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3700494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       371000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       371000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1176500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1176500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    301492411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    301492411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    301492411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    301492411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      8318621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8318621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      3212586                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3212586                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           81                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          104                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data     11531207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11531207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data     11531288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11531288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000038                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.358025                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.358025                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.320755                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.320755                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.423077                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.423077                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 72579.068243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72579.068243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 30582.595041                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30582.595041                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10911.764706                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10911.764706                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 26738.636364                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26738.636364                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 71376.044271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71376.044271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 70889.351281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70889.351281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         4103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           29                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           43                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         4224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         4253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    289521081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    289521081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3454506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3454506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       291000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       291000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        71000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        71000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1090500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1090500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    292975587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    292975587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    293266587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    293266587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  16524983009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16524983009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data   8182997502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8182997502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  24707980511                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  24707980511                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.358025                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358025                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.094340                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094340                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.413462                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413462                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 70563.266147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70563.266147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 28549.636364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28549.636364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10034.482759                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10034.482759                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data         7100                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7100                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 25360.465116                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25360.465116                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 69359.750710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69359.750710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 68955.228545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68955.228545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry             14129                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     8709627                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       144                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    3408673                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        5                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                 8709771                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                3408678                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                         12118300                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                            149                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                     12118449                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                    30127744                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                30127744                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                         30127744                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                     30127744                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                       135513424                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   27119395                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     28303711                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             26991117                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                    1179541                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1182006                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    26991117                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           43703664                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          21811231                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           111043305                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           10091524                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     12119156                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    8709908                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   3409248                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              142753.471203                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              135370670.528797                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.998947                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.001053                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          2492734                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 15858771     56.03%     56.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                  326761      1.15%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 8709908     30.77%     87.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                3409248     12.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  28304690                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              716                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           30343833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         42379.655028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         60256204                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        60256204                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst     30127028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       30127028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst     30127028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        30127028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst     30127028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       30127028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     45980455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     45980455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     45980455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     45980455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     45980455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     45980455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     30127744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30127744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     30127744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     30127744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     30127744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     30127744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 64218.512570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64218.512570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 64218.512570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64218.512570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 64218.512570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64218.512570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     44515545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44515545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     44515545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44515545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     44515545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44515545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 62172.548883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62172.548883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 62172.548883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62172.548883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 62172.548883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62172.548883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry               121                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             3957                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          250.173140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            2720174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3957                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           687.433409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   250.173140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.977239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.977239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         23063261                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        23063261                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      8313268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8313268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      3211866                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3211866                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           54                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           54                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data     11525134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        11525134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data     11525188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       11525188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         4054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data         4143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          4143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data         4165                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         4165                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    237641374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    237641374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3438998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3438998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1177000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1177000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       619500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       619500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        97000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        97000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    241080372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    241080372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    241080372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    241080372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      8317322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8317322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      3211955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3211955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data     11529277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11529277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data     11529353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11529353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000028                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.289474                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.289474                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.267327                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.267327                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.202020                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.202020                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 58618.987173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58618.987173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 38640.426966                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38640.426966                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 43592.592593                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43592.592593                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        30975                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        30975                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 58189.807386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58189.807386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 57882.442257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57882.442257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          983                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              983                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         4054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         4143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         4165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    229437620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229437620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3259002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3259002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       770000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       770000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       402000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       402000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       583500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       583500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        95000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        95000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    232696622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232696622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    233466622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233466622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  16519136505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16519136505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data   8188231509                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8188231509                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  24707368014                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  24707368014                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.289474                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.289474                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.069307                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069307                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.191919                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191919                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 56595.367538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56595.367538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        36618                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        36618                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        35000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        35000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 57428.571429                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57428.571429                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 30710.526316                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30710.526316                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 56166.213372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56166.213372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 56054.411044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56054.411044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry             14251                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                     8717767                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                       143                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                    3413010                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        5                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                 8717910                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                3413015                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                         12130777                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                            148                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                     12130925                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                    30158544                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         4                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                30158548                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                         30158544                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                     30158548                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                       135537549                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   27147714                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     28334472                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             27019987                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                    1180746                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts      1183875                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    27019987                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           43752794                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes          21833827                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads           111160750                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes           10102032                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                     12131776                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    8718135                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                   3413641                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              118674.009196                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              135418874.990804                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.999124                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.000876                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          2495831                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 15876668     56.03%     56.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                  327176      1.15%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 8718135     30.77%     87.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                3413641     12.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  28335628                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements              991                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs           30322752                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs              991                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs         30598.135217                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses         60318079                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses        60318079                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst     30157553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       30157553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst     30157553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total        30157553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst     30157553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total       30157553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst          991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst          991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total           991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst          991                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total          991                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     18730461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18730461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     18730461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18730461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     18730461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18730461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     30158544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30158544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     30158544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total     30158544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     30158544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total     30158544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 18900.566095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18900.566095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 18900.566095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18900.566095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 18900.566095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18900.566095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     16722539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16722539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     16722539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16722539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     16722539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16722539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 16874.408678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16874.408678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 16874.408678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16874.408678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 16874.408678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16874.408678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry               163                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements             4160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          253.748643                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs            1247653                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs           299.916587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   253.748643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.991206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         23087530                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses        23087530                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data      8320794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8320794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data      3216116                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3216116                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          118                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          118                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          101                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          101                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data     11536910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total        11536910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data     11537028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total       11537028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         4148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          136                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          136                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           32                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           32                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           40                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           40                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data         4284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total          4284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data         4316                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total         4316                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    207236906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    207236906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      5092494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5092494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       928500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       928500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1134000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1134000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        71500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        71500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    212329400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    212329400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    212329400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    212329400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data      8324942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8324942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data      3216252                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3216252                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          150                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          141                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          141                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data     11541194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11541194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data     11541344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11541344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000042                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.213333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.213333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.256944                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.256944                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.283688                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.283688                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 49960.681292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49960.681292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 37444.808824                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37444.808824                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 25094.594595                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25094.594595                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        28350                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28350                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 49563.352007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49563.352007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 49195.875811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49195.875811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total             1341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         4148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           32                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           40                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         4284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         4316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    198854090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    198854090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      4814506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4814506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       854000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       854000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        66500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        66500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1058000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1058000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        67500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        67500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    203668596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    203668596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    204522596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    204522596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  16536681504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16536681504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data   8187864004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8187864004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  24724545508                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  24724545508                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.213333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.055556                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055556                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.283688                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283688                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 47939.751688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47939.751688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 35400.779412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35400.779412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 26687.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26687.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  8312.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8312.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        26450                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        26450                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 47541.689076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47541.689076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 47387.070436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47387.070436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry             13545                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                     8725828                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                       145                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                    3414703                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        5                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                 8725973                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                3414708                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                         12140531                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                            150                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                     12140681                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                    30185405                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         5                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                30185410                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                         30185405                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                     30185410                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                       135568620                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                   27169970                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                     28356288                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses             27042170                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                    1181939                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts      1183516                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                    27042170                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads           43785021                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes          21853586                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads           111249655                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes           10107915                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                     12141382                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                    8726110                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                   3415272                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              87651.302066                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              135480968.697934                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.999353                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.000647                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                          2496632                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                 15887938     56.03%     56.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                  327942      1.16%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                 8726110     30.77%     87.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                3415272     12.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                  28357264                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              749                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs           30301502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs         40455.943925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses         60371559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses        60371559                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst     30184656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       30184656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst     30184656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total        30184656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst     30184656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total       30184656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     15789952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15789952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     15789952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15789952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     15789952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15789952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     30185405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30185405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     30185405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total     30185405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     30185405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total     30185405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 21081.377837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21081.377837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 21081.377837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21081.377837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 21081.377837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21081.377837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     14260048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14260048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     14260048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14260048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     14260048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14260048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 19038.782377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19038.782377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 19038.782377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19038.782377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 19038.782377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19038.782377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry               140                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements             4021                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          254.032436                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs           10998136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4021                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs          2735.174335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   254.032436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.992314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.859375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         23105367                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses        23105367                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data      8328284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8328284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data      3217882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3217882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           54                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           54                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           75                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           75                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           69                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           69                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data     11546166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total        11546166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data     11546220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total       11546220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         4056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           24                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           24                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           32                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           32                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data         4158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          4158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data         4182                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         4182                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    163392374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    163392374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3870995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3870995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       551500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       551500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1106000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1106000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    167263369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    167263369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    167263369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    167263369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data      8332340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8332340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data      3217984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3217984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data     11550324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11550324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data     11550402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11550402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000032                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.307692                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.307692                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.271845                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.271845                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.316832                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.316832                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 40284.115878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40284.115878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 37950.931373                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37950.931373                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 19696.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19696.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 34562.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34562.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 40226.880471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40226.880471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 39996.023195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39996.023195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total             1658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         4056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           24                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           31                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         4158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         4182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    155179620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155179620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3663005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3663005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       456500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       456500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        89000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        89000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1044000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1044000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    158842625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    158842625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    159299125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    159299125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  16571903013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16571903013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data   8186215507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8186215507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  24758118520                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  24758118520                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.058252                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058252                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.306931                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.306931                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 38259.275148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38259.275148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 35911.813725                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35911.813725                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 19020.833333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19020.833333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 14833.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14833.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 33677.419355                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33677.419355                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 38201.689514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38201.689514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 38091.612865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38091.612865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry             13722                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 176                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data          176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.687500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.687500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        4339                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       3145                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    4341                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   3145                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             7484                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         7486                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       21003                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   21003                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            21003                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        21003                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       135656556                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      20483                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        24121                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                21347                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       1069                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         2995                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       21347                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              36507                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             14589                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               87051                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes              10190                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         7949                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       4473                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      3476                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              135518266.763538                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              138289.236462                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.001019                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.998981                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             4142                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    16635     67.52%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      46      0.19%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.02%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    4473     18.16%     85.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   3476     14.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     24636                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              341                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs             128331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs           376.337243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            42347                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           42347                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        20662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        20662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           20662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        20662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          20662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     23609497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23609497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     23609497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     23609497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     23609497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     23609497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        21003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        21003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        21003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        21003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        21003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        21003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.016236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.016236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.016236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 69236.061584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69236.061584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 69236.061584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69236.061584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 69236.061584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69236.061584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     22924503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22924503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     22924503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22924503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     22924503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22924503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.016236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.016236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.016236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 67227.281525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67227.281525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 67227.281525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67227.281525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 67227.281525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67227.281525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                29                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              122                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          232.983033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               5433                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              122                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            44.532787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   232.983033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.910090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.910090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.910156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            15137                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           15137                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         4029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           4029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         2992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          2992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           43                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           43                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         7021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            7021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         7064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           7064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           41                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           41                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           11                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5068000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5068000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1549000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1549000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       232500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       232500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       414500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       414500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6617000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      6617000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6617000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      6617000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         4172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3033                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3033                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           54                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          111                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          111                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         7205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         7259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013518                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013518                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.203704                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.203704                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.117117                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.117117                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.172727                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.172727                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.025538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.026863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 35440.559441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35440.559441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 37780.487805                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37780.487805                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 17884.615385                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17884.615385                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 21815.789474                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21815.789474                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 35961.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35961.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 33933.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33933.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4782000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4782000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1467000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1467000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        90000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        90000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       138500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       138500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       376500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       376500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6249000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6249000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        77500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        77500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       141500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       141500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013518                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013518                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.203704                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.203704                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.027027                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027027                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.172727                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.172727                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.025538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.026863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 33440.559441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33440.559441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 35780.487805                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35780.487805                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  8181.818182                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8181.818182                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 46166.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46166.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 19815.789474                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19815.789474                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 33961.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33961.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 32507.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32507.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                17                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.pim 67828163000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -105202540.800000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       117124358.400000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -494088940.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       737386675.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -70969968.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       79012464.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -333313968.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       497443392.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -388323187.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       430764172.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -392390668.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       588589248.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -187937832.960000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       210322344.960000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -68547824.640000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       89103421.440000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -696166480834.560059
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       733558881546.239624
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -696166480834.560059
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       733558881546.239624
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -203310752546.880005
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       214306359252.479980
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -204563622159.360077
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       216580674026.880066
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -2246265750192.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       2366850721920.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -2245166741760.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       2364855708960.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.067828
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       949088783.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       3185713368.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       136030333.878543
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       2061214180.936369
system.cpu.int_instructions                       162061125.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       94306939.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       256.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       14969691.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       14747249.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       52291238.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       48540045.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       20471852.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       10396070.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       162827896.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       109054124.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       262413811.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       171274888.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       130956534.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       73576164.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       256.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       7082561.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       20.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       162061125.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       94306939.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       256.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       180888020.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       9.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       180888011.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       5347.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       49933310.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       19287340.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       72758038.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       890.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       24739.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       737.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       14226323
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       10629.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       393216.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       6748.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       393216.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       19711.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       402278.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       74275.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       44999.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       40313.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       2364806.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1179667.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       2.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       2607284.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       1302058.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       2105216.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       1053256.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
