
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.037625                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 37625213000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3065981235500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2106776                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2240629                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              418665463                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1078168                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    89.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   189334649                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     201363993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data           27                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total           27                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total             6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks         2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total          2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.data           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total                26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks           10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total               10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        27216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        20412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        20412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        68039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total              176903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        27216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        20412                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total          61236                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks         68039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total              68039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks         68039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        27216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        20412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        20412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        68039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total             244942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                        26                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                       10                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                     208                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                     80                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM                 6656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                  3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys                  6656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys               2560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           51                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7              23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                 37613097000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5                 208                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5                 80                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples           42                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.619048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.352059                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.228338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4      9.52%      9.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4      9.52%     19.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287           34     80.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total           42                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean           60                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    55.853655                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.873011                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            1     25.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1     25.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24              4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                    6261600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat               9787200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                   665600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   30103.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              47053.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                       0.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                    0.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    30.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                    182                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                    80                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate             100.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                1044808250.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  90.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE  36800098300                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF     817743600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT       7063100                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0          624153.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          607219.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          580003.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          567907.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0                421056                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1          409632.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2          391272.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3          383112.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0         2571878.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         2408140.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         2268364.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3              2233920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        1021870.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        992010.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        962565.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        948879.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      181681398.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      185692593.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      184625608.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      183228333.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0        7993398000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1      7989879408.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2        7990815360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3        7992041040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        8758733163.840000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        8759003810.880001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        8758657980.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        8758417998.719999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          64.459581                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          64.461573                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          64.459028                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          64.457262                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total             6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks         4864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total          4864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total                26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks           19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total               19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data        13608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        20412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        27216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        81647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total              176903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        20412                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total          27216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks        129275                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total             129275                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks        129275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data        13608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        20412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        27216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        81647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total             306178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                        26                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                       19                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                     208                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                    152                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM                 6656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                  4864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys                  6656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys               4864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           59                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7              48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                 37596394000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5                 208                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5                152                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples           51                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   225.882353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   197.320180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    72.241165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63            6     11.76%     11.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255            6     11.76%     23.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287           39     76.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total           51                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean           44                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    34.413263                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.826163                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             1     16.67%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            3     50.00%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1     16.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    25.333333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    25.178762                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.265986                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24              5     83.33%     83.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::32              1     16.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                    5189600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat               8715200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                   665600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       0.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       0.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    0.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    0.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    30.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                    182                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                   127                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                835475422.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  85.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE  36794625500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF     817743600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT      12535900                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          651369.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          613267.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          623548.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          580003.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0                439416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1          413712.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2                420648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3          391272.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         2632281.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1              2496000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         2484518.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         2320281.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0             1078272                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        982056.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        1025602.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        922337.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      185013408.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      184652366.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      184673652.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      186071529.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0        7990475184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1      7990791888.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2        7990773216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3      7989547008.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        8759304739.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        8758964097.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        8759015993.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        8758847238.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          64.463788                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          64.461281                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          64.461663                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          64.460421                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total             5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks         3840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total          3840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total                21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks           15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total               15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        20412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        34020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        40824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total              142883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        34020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total          54432                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks        102059                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total             102059                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks        102059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        20412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        34020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        40824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total             244942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                        21                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                       15                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                     168                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                    120                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM                 5376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                  3840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys                  5376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys               3840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          106                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1              48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7              33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                 37613592000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5                 168                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5                120                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples           42                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.428571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.613280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.246996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63            6     14.29%     14.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255            6     14.29%     28.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287           30     71.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total           42                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.393877                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             1     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            1     20.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            1     20.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24              5    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                    4326100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat               7173700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                   537600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   25750.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              42700.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                       0.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       0.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                    0.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    30.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                    146                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                   100                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               86.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                1044822000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  85.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE  36792930250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF     817743600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT      14231150                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          657417.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1                674352                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          580003.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3                592704                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0                443496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1                454920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2          391272.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3                399840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0              2720640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1              2815488                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         2328268.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         2397158.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        1048412.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        1015234.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        942243.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        965882.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      182826743.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      185873224.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      184086561.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      184296193.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0        7992393312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1        7989720960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2      7991288208.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3        7991104320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        8759104827.840000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        8759568985.920000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        8758631364.480001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        8758770906.240000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          64.462317                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          64.465733                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          64.458832                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          64.459859                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total             7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks         4608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total          4608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total                29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks           18                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total               18                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        13608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu4.data        27216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        34020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        34020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        47628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total              197314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        34020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total          54432                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks        122471                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total             122471                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks        122471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        13608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu4.data        27216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        34020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        34020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        47628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total             319786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                        29                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                       18                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                     232                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                    144                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM                 7424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                  4864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys                  7424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys               4608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        10672                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0              48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0              51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                 37604680000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5                 232                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5                144                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples           55                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   223.418182                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   196.030553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.948204                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63            6     10.91%     10.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      1.82%     12.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      1.82%     14.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255            7     12.73%     27.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287           40     72.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total           55                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean    42.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    43.426566                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             1     16.67%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            1     16.67%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            1     16.67%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            1     16.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            1     16.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::120-121            1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    25.333333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    25.178762                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.265986                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24              5     83.33%     83.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::32              1     16.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                    6388400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat              10320800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                   742400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   27536.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              44486.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                       0.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       0.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                    0.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    36.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                    203                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                   126                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                800099574.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE  36788163200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF     817743600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT      18998200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0                740880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          666489.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          731203.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          714873.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0                499800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1                449616                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2          493272.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3                482256                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0              2947776                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1         2705164.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         2859916.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         2816985.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        1235036.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        1074954.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        1220935.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        1174487.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      187946346.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      185546162.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2         188509032                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      187187489.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0        7987902432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1        7990007856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2      7987408848.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3        7988568096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        8760287077.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        8759465050.559999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        8760238014.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        8759958994.559999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          64.471017                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          64.464968                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          64.470656                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          64.468603                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total             8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks         4096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total          4096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total                32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks           16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total               16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        13608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.data        20412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        27216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        34020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        20412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        81647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total              217726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        27216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        20412                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total          54432                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks        108863                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total             108863                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks        108863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        13608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.data        20412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        27216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        34020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        20412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        81647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total             326590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                        32                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                       16                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                     256                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                    128                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM                 8192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                  3840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys                  8192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys               4096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           26                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1              48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3              48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                 37631519000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5                 256                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5                128                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples           52                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.384615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   206.932279                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.346137                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63            5      9.62%      9.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255            5      9.62%     19.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287           42     80.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total           52                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean    46.400000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    43.026150                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.707487                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            1     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            2     40.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24              5    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                    6387200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat              10726400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                   819200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       0.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       0.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                    0.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    38.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                    224                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                   100                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              78.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                783989979.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  84.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE  36797576250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF     817743600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT       9585150                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          668908.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          665884.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          578188.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          543715.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0                451248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1                449208                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2                390048                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3          366792.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         2743603.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         2632780.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2              2328768                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3              2136576                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        1101496.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        1051729.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        962565.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        895795.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      183681578.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      188946901.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      181967748.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      183567049.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0        7991643456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1        7987024752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2        7993146816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3        7991743920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        8759305098.240000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1          8759786064                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        8758388941.439999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        8758268655.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          64.463791                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          64.467330                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          64.457048                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          64.456163                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total             6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks         4096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total          4096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total                24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks           16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total               16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        20412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        20412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        34020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        47628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total              163295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        20412                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        34020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total          68039                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks        108863                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total             108863                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks        108863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        20412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        20412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        34020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        47628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total             272158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                        24                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                       16                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                     192                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                    128                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM                 6144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                  3840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys                  6144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys               4096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        13748                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3              48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                 37580485000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5                 192                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5                128                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples           44                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   226.909091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   199.079302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.326898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63            5     11.36%     11.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255            5     11.36%     22.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287           34     77.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total           44                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean    38.400000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    33.031343                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.915858                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            1     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            1     20.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            1     20.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24              5    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                    4790400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat               8044800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                   614400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                       0.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       0.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                    0.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    30.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                    168                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                   100                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              78.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                939512125.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  83.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE  36795499750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF     817743600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT      11661650                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0                604800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          613267.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          642902.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          601171.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0                408000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1          413712.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2                433704                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3          405552.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0         2432102.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         2449574.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         2556902.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         2404646.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        1018552.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        1008599.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        1038873.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        972103.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      183994248.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      183117032.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      185870324.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      185381729.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0        7991369184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1        7992138672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2        7989723504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3        7990152096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        8758841694.719999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        8758755664.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        8759281017.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        8758932105.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          64.460380                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          64.459747                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          64.463613                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          64.461046                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total             7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks         5632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total          5632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total                28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks           22                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total               22                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        13608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.data        20412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        13608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        13608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        20412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        20412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        54432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total              190511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        13608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        13608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        20412                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total          68039                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks        149687                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total             149687                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks        149687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        13608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.data        20412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        13608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        13608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        20412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        20412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        54432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total             340197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                        28                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                       22                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                     224                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                    176                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM                 7168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                  5376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys                  7168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys               5632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        15583                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3              48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4              56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0              25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4              47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                 37634858000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5                 224                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5                176                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                    8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples           56                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean          224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.135395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    73.984765                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63            7     12.50%     12.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255            7     12.50%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287           42     75.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total           56                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.753659                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev           16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::8               1     14.29%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::24              2     28.57%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::32              2     28.57%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::48              1     14.29%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::56              1     14.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24              7    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                    5588800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat               9385600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                   716800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                       0.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       0.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                    0.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    0.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    31.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                    196                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                   140                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              79.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                752697160.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  84.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE  36789626350                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF     817743600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT      17535050                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          625363.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1                622944                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2                635040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          576979.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0          421872.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1                420240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2                428400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3          389232.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         2540428.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         2504985.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         2563891.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         2284339.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        1025602.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        1008599.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        1025187.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        955514.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      183700840.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      184419095.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      185837273.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3         184976856                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0        7991626560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1        7990996512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2        7989752496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3      7990507248.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        8758955473.920000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        8758987182.719999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        8759257095.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        8758704976.320002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          64.461217                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          64.461451                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          64.463437                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          64.459374                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total             6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks         3840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total          3840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total                25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks           15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total               15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        13608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data        13608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        20412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        27216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        40824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total              170099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        13608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        27216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total          68039                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks        102059                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total             102059                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks        102059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        13608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data        13608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        20412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        27216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        40824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total             272158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                        25                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                       15                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                     200                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                    120                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM                 6400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                  4096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys                  6400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys               3840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        13990                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                 37596658000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5                 200                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5                120                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples           46                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.173913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   201.267910                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    69.981364                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63            5     10.87%     10.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255            5     10.87%     21.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287           36     78.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total           46                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean    49.600000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    46.441361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             1     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             1     20.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::56-57            1     20.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::112-113            1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    25.600000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    25.421372                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.577709                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24              4     80.00%     80.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::32              1     20.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                    4990000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat               8380000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                   640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                       0.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       0.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                    0.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    31.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                    175                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                   107                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              89.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                939916450.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  88.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE  36791355150                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF     817743600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT      15806250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          663465.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          573350.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          594518.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          601171.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0                447576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1                386784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2                401064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3          405552.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0         2699673.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         2300812.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         2385676.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3              2446080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        1082004.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        922337.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        955514.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        975421.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      184963668.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      184967827.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      183291644.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      184231514.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0        7990518816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1      7990515168.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2        7991985504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3        7991161056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        8759390011.199999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        8758681086.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        8758628729.280001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        8758835602.559999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          64.464415                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          64.459198                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          64.458813                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          64.460335                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total             5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total          1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total                21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total                4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        13608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data        20412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        20412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        40824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        27216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total              142883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        13608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        40824                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total          61236                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks         27216                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total              27216                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks         27216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        13608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data        20412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        20412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        40824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        27216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total             170099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                        21                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                        4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                     168                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                     32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM                 5376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                   768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys                  5376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys               1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        13294                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                 37605962000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5                 168                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5                 32                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples           25                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   245.760000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   234.313164                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    44.990073                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1      4.00%      4.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1      4.00%      8.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287           23     92.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total           25                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean          168                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   168.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24              1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                    4191600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat               7039200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                   537600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       0.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                    0.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    30.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                    147                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                    20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                1504238480.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  83.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE  36803833250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF     817743600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT       3328150                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          658627.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          578188.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          606009.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          593913.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0          444312.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1                390048                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2                408816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3                400656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         2652748.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1              2408640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2              2436096                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         2374195.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        1058780.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        932290.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        975421.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        972103.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      186574898.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      180583387.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      184140898.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      183368525.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0        7989105456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1      7994361168.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2        7991240544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3        7991918064                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        8759509630.080000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        8758268529.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        8758822592.640001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        8758642265.280001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          64.465296                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          64.456162                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          64.460240                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          64.458912                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total             5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks         4608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total          4608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total                23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks           18                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total               18                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        20412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        34020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        61236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total              156491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        34020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total          40824                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks        122471                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total             122471                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks        122471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        20412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        34020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        61236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total             278962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                        23                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                       18                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                     184                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                    144                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM                 5888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                  4608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys                  5888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys               4608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        15829                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4              48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2              23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                 37630621000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5                 184                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5                144                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples           47                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   223.319149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   192.996154                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.746268                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63            6     12.77%     12.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255            6     12.77%     25.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287           35     74.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total           47                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.712813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             1     16.67%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             1     16.67%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            1     16.67%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            1     16.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::56-57            1     16.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24              6    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                    5144800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat               8263600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                   588800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   27960.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              44910.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                       0.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       0.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                    0.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    31.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                    161                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                   120                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                917820024.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  85.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE  36791336900                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF     817743600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT      15824500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          640483.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          586051.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          599961.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          608428.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0          432072.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1          395352.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2                404736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3                410448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         2623795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         2320780.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         2440588.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3              2448576                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        1058780.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        942243.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        962150.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3              995328                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      182895143.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      186544365.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      183615312.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      185013573.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0        7992333312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1        7989132240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2        7991701584                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3        7990475040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        8758998392.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1          8758935840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        8758739140.799999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        8758966200.959999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          64.461533                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          64.461073                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          64.459625                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          64.461296                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total             5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks         4864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total          4864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks           19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total               19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        20412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        54432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total              136079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total          34020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks        129275                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total             129275                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks        129275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        20412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        54432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total             265354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                        20                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                       19                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                     160                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                    152                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM                 5120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                  5376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys                  5120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys               4864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       173279                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0              31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                 37600245000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5                 160                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5                152                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples           48                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.666667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   185.388241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.753408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63            7     14.58%     14.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255            7     14.58%     29.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287           34     70.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total           48                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean    34.285714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.602622                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             1     14.29%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            3     42.86%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            1     14.29%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            1     14.29%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            1     14.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24              7    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                    3992000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat               6704000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                   512000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                       0.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       0.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                    0.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    0.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    34.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                    140                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                   140                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              92.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                964108846.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  89.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE  36789320950                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF     817743600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT      17840450                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0                625968                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          596332.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2                586656                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          567302.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0                422280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1                402288                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2                395760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3                382704                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         2539929.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         2405145.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         2336755.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         2237913.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        1035141.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        965468.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        962565.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        932290.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      184422487.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      184320325.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      184837921.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      184126014.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0        7990993536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1        7991083152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2        7990629120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3        7991253600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        8759054149.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        8758787519.039999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        8758763585.280001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        8758514632.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          64.461944                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          64.459981                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          64.459805                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          64.457973                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total             5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks         3328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total          3328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total                21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks           13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total               13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        13608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data        13608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.data        13608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        20412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        20412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        27216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        27216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total              142883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        13608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        20412                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        27216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total          61236                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks         88451                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total              88451                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks         88451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        13608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data        13608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.data        13608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        20412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        20412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        27216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        27216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total             231334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                        21                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                       13                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                     168                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                    104                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM                 5120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                  3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys                  5376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys               3328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        13789                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1              20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7              11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                 37591725000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5                 168                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5                104                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples           38                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   215.578947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.353030                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.917708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     10.53%     10.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95            1      2.63%     13.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      2.63%     15.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159            1      2.63%     18.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      2.63%     21.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3      7.89%     28.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287           27     71.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total           38                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean           46                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.191836                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    33.545988                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            2     50.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::96-97            1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24              4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                    4261000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat               6973000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                   512000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   26631.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              43581.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                       0.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                    0.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    30.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                    139                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                    79                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               86.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              75.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                1105638970.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  82.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE  36799094400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF     817743600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT       8067000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          651974.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          539481.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2                586656                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          614476.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0                439824                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1                363936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2                395760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3                414528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0              2608320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         2180505.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         2349235.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         2484019.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        1068318.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        899112.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        955929.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        978739.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      183911731.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      180171290.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      184851383.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      184935870.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0      7991441568.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1        7994722656                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2        7990617312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3        7990543200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        8759136543.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        8757891790.080000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        8758771082.879999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        8758985640.960001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          64.462550                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          64.453389                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          64.459860                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          64.461439                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total             6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks         3840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total          3840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total                26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks           15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total               15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        13608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.data        13608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        27216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        27216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        27216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        40824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total              176903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        13608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        27216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        27216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total          74843                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks        102059                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total             102059                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks        102059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        13608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.data        13608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        27216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        27216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        27216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        40824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total             278962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                        26                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                       15                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                     208                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                    120                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM                 6656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                  3840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys                  6656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys               3840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        30458                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6              23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                 37623480000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5                 208                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5                120                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples           46                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.173913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   201.267910                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    69.981364                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63            5     10.87%     10.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255            5     10.87%     21.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287           36     78.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total           46                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean           56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    53.579140                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    19.595918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            2     40.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::56-57            2     40.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24              5    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                    5197600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat               8723200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                   665600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   24988.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              41938.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                       0.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       0.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                    0.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    25.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                    182                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                   100                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                917645853.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  85.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE  36790278650                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF     817743600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT      16882750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          644716.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1                683424                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          723945.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3                622944                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0                434928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1                461040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2                488376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3                420240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0         2616806.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         2807001.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         2951270.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         2507980.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        1072051.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        1074954.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        1135088.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        1005281.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      183006662.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      186170353.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      187032631.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      185127500.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0      7992235488.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1        7989460320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2        7988703936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3        7990375104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        8759025459.840000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        8759671900.799999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        8760050055.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        8759073857.280001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          64.461733                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          64.466490                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          64.469273                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          64.462089                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total             6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total          2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total                26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total                9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        13608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        47628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        13608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        68039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total              176903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        13608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        13608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total          34020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks         61236                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total              61236                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks         61236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        13608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        47628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        13608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        68039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total             238138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                        26                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                        9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                     208                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                     72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM                 6656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys                  6656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys               2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           12                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4              48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                 37618681000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5                 208                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5                 72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples           38                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   235.789474                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   214.963674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    61.088840                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3      7.89%      7.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3      7.89%     15.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287           32     84.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total           38                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean           80                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    76.195250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.712813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::96-97            2     66.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                    5943600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat               9469200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                   665600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   28575.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              45525.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       0.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       0.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                    0.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    0.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    32.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                    182                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                1074819457.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  86.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE  36801993150                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF     817743600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT       5168250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          688867.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1                574560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          620524.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          564278.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0          464712.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1                387600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2                418608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3                380664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0              2753088                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         2357222.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2         2476531.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         2236915.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        1141309.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        909066.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        989107.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        942243.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      185958970.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      183774712.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      186105729.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      183384175.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0        7989645744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1        7991561760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2      7989517008.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3        7991904336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        8759667498.240000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1          8758579728                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        8759142315.840002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        8758427420.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          64.466458                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          64.458452                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          64.462593                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          64.457331                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total             6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks         4864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total          4864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total                26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks           19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total               19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        13608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.data        20412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.data        20412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst        13608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        34020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        13608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        47628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total              176903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        13608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        13608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        13608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total          47628                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks        129275                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total             129275                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks        129275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        13608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.data        20412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.data        20412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst        13608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        34020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        13608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        47628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total             306178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                        26                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                       19                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                     208                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                    152                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM                 6656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                  5376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys                  6656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys               4864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        10556                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                 37578292000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5                 208                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5                152                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                    7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples           53                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   227.018868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   199.268310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.074850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63            6     11.32%     11.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255            6     11.32%     22.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287           41     77.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total           53                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean    35.428571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    30.131241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.963624                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             1     14.29%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            1     14.29%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            3     42.86%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::56-57            1     14.29%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            1     14.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24              7    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                    6109600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat               9635200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                   665600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   29373.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              46323.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                       0.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       0.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                    0.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    0.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    25.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                    182                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                   141                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              92.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                835073155.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  89.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE  36792700500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF     817743600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT      14460900                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          644716.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1                650160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2                589680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          603590.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0                434928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1                438600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2                397800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3                407184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         2652249.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         2669222.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         2349734.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3              2388672                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        1041776.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        1021870.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        955514.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        982471.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      183152710.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      184413787.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      184571326.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      186781302.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0        7992107376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1      7991001168.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2        7990862976                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3        7988924400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        8759048564.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        8759209614.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        8758741838.400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        8759102427.840000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          64.461903                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          64.463088                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          64.459645                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          64.462299                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total             5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks         3840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total          3840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total                22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks           15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total               15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data        13608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.data        13608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         6804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        27216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        27216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        40824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total              149687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         6804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        27216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total          40824                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks        102059                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total             102059                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks        102059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data        13608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.data        13608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         6804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        27216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        27216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        40824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total             251746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                        22                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                       15                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                     176                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                    120                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM                 5632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                  3840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys                  5632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys               3840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           11                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                 37626935000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5                 176                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5                120                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples           42                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   225.523810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   196.709552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    72.749231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63            5     11.90%     11.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255            5     11.90%     23.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287           32     76.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total           42                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean    35.200000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    30.930913                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    17.527122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::16              2     40.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::48              3     60.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24              5    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                    4391200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat               7374400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                   563200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                       0.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       0.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                    0.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    25.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                    154                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                   100                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                1016944189.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  85.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE  36795539150                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF     817743600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT      11622250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          685843.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1                650160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          625363.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          665884.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0          462672.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1                438600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2          421872.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3                449208                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         2784038.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1              2735616                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         2492006.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         2672217.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        1108131.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        1021870.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        1018967.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        1068318.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      579014807.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      185472400.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      181903397.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      184796663.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      186368495.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0        7990072560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1        7993203264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2        7990665312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3        7989286512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        8759600452.799999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        8758967714.880001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        8759034990.719999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        8759525443.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          64.465964                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          64.461308                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          64.461803                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          64.465412                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 365                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                365                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                101                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               101                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               243                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           421944                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          89796                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          311463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5454                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              182                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave       829514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       830016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 830016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1004                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave       163585                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       164589                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  164589                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       182500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      3682000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       101000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        50500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      4009500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    211018906                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     44901493                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    155731500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         1998                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      2727998                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      3003000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq           15                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           18                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            6                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            6                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           11                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        16500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        47499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         8500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback        22999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        11500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        83000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp         5000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                            34                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                           33                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime               50999                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime             143999                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                           205551                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            517653                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  517653    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              517653                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              175500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                 251                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy           159940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded              312103                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy          162467000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded             312111                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq                214                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp               214                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback              243                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          279191                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         32272                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         311463                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq              182                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp             182                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         5249                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port        15101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         7829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         6968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         6934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         7994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         5262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        86762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port           33                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port           27                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         6643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         7029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total       155987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         5406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port        15299                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         7714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         6853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         6776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port           89                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         5329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        86735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port           59                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         6634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         6899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total       155984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         5439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port           25                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port        15381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         7844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         6878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         7088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         7817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port           63                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         5268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        86550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port           43                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         6681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         6800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total       155998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         5326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port        15202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         7857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         6861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         7247                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         7813                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port           57                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         5324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        86570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port           42                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         6676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         6905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total       155994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total                623963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         4608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         3072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         3584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         2560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total        40448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         3584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         2560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         3072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         2560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         2816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         3840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         3072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         2816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         3072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         2816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total        42497                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         2816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         2560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         2560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         2560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         3840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         3072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         2560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total        40192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         4096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         3072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         3840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         2560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         3584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         3072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total        40448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                 163585                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       299600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      2115400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      2284200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    390867400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     45180800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    435736737                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       254000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      1798000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq          800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                            2                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime                800                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy           15150600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded              10719                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy             187200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                 48                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy           42818600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded              30499                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy           22062200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded              15633                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy           19431200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded              13788                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy           19762000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded              14030                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy           22362000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded              15870                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy             318800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                142                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy           14993400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded              10601                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy          242797200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded             173318                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy            201800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded                87                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy            231600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded                74                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy            297600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded               104                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy            137000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded                47                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy          18678600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded             13319                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy          19456200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded             13823                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy         109856432                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded             77961                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy         109903441                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded             77958                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy         109966682                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded             77973                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy         109925082                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded             77968                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.iocache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq          214                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp          214                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback          243                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       279191                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        32272                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       311463                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq          182                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp          182                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       155987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       155984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       155998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       155994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total       623963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave        40448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave        42497                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave        40192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave        40448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total       163585                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       171200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       856000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       972000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    223352800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     25817600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    249170400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       145600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       728000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            6                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp         4000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         8600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                     7                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime        12600                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy     62628800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded        78026                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy     62635300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded        78026                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy     62589600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded        78025                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy     62606400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded        78026                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy    250755200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded       311860                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1627494                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1627491                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback              645                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          421962                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         89804                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         511766                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        26203                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp        26203                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10797                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10797                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       331264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           42                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           65                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       313765                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           42                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           64                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       420768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           42                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           66                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       306212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           42                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           65                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       227026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           39                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           59                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       333127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           42                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           67                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       305329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           39                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           64                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       248919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               2492936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        91392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        56184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        79616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        41856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        72960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        85760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        34692                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        74496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        35436                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           76                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        87296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        47752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           88                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       102656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        55424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       131840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       126609                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1155853                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    819097764                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    116074389                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       101499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        50999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     20963498                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    212429592                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     44908485                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    155745497                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq     13102498                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      5471353                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      9912500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       736331                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           75                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            8                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           13                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1984                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          103                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        20944                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           32                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    929616983                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       839990                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        23500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       207000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      4826501                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1916499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        22000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq     26394000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       389999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        31000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                       759475                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                          79                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime          963374482                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime            892990                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1860431                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2176754                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47               2176754    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            2176754                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1116104189                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            2177006                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          11602994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded               357                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        6814904396                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            18.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            282655                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                21                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy             45000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded                45                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          10108993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded               311                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy        6926575274                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            18.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            274213                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy             21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                21                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy             43000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded                43                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy          9263993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded              285                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy       6154527196                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization           16.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded           322748                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.occupancy            21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded               21                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy            45000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded               45                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy         10890487                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded              335                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy       6995322955                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization           18.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded           271194                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.occupancy            21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded               21                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy            44000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded               44                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy          9459491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded              291                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy       6670395978                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization           17.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded           223393                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.occupancy            21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded               21                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.occupancy            40000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded               40                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy         11085484                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded              341                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy       6817393030                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization           18.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded           283700                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.occupancy            21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded               21                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy            45000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded               45                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.occupancy         13036982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded              401                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy       6909935908                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization           18.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded           269632                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.occupancy            21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded               21                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.occupancy            43000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded               43                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         16738996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              515                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy       7448258803                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization           19.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded           245464                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.occupancy             6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                6                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy            68499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded               68                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         3761                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         3761    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         3761                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3761                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         3761    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         3761                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3761                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         3761    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         3761                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3761                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         3761    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         3761                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples         3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0             3761    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total         3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0            3761    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total         3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                       493                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7727.611366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        2957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      5.997972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2821.624161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst   981.633508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   734.540994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst   292.554945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   306.405965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.itb.walker            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst   485.126457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   802.154494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst    11.793469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data    19.044799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst    22.894270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data    31.805450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.itb.walker     1.997595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst    91.919327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data    71.213865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst   113.613058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data    31.910831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   553.043497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   342.334680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.344437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.119828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.089666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.035712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.037403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.059220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.097919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.001440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.002325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.002795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.003883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.itb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.011221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.008693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.013869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.003895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.067510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.041789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.943312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          7751                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7528                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001587                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.946167                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2531464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2531464                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst          345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           76                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst          303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst          279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst          321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           68                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           54                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           36                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    3636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks              645                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                   645                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   21                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   120                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst           345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data            90                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst           303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data            82                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst           279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data            73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst           321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data            76                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst           280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data            74                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst           332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data            93                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst           366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data            92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           36                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           20                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           21                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst          345                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data           90                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           21                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst          303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data           82                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           21                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst          279                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data           73                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           21                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst          321                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data           76                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          280                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data           74                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker           21                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          332                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data           93                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          366                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           36                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          458                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          164                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3756                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                   248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        43631                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        34720                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        90934                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        30632                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         3054                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data        44426                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data        31562                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          229                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             279188                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         4726                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         4632                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         6938                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         4217                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          412                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         4778                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data         3882                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data         2687                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            32272                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 185                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                    433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst           12                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data           20                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst            8                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst            6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst            9                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data           20                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data           62                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          123                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                   433                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      1411500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       543500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       953000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1101000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       703000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        84500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      1659500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       993000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      1361000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       993500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       991000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      4265500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1087000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      7025500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6706000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        30125500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       457000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       196000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       338500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       130500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       196500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1514000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       130000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       455500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1865000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       649000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       198000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2312000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       628000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2317000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      6700500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      8822500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      23492000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      1411500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2408500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       953000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1750000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       282500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      1659500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3305000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      1361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1621500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       991000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2564000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      4265500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      7787500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      7025500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     15528500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total         53617500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      1411500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2408500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       953000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1750000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       703000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       282500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      1659500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3305000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      1361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1621500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       991000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2564000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      4265500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      7787500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      7025500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     15528500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total        53617500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           81                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           76                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           63                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           76                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           62                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           77                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           82                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                3884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          645                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total               645                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        43631                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        34724                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        90935                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        30633                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         3056                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data        44428                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        31566                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          236                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           279209                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         4729                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         4633                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         6939                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         4217                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          412                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         4779                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data         3883                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2688                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          32280                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               305                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data          110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data           96                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data           75                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data           88                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 4189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data          110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data           96                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data           75                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data          102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data           88                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                4189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.033613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.061728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.025723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.118421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.021053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.015873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.041791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.105263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.037801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.129032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.026393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.025974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.087282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.109756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.110680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.266010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.063852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999885                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.999967                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.999346                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.999955                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.999873                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.970339                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.999925                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999366                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999784                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.999856                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.999791                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.999742                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.999628                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.999752                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.517241                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.692308                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.230769                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.736111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.821429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.606557                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.033613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.181818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.025723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.145833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.021053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.026667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.041791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.254902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.037801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.159091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.026393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.176991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.087282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.402597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.110680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.103366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.033613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.181818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.025723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.145833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.021053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.026667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.041791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.254902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.037801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.159091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.026393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.176991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.087282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.402597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.110680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.103366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       117625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       108700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       119125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 122333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 117166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        84500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 118535.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 123727.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 124187.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 110111.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       123500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 121871.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 120777.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 123254.385965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 124185.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121473.790323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    10.474204                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     5.645161                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     0.714804                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    11.050535                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    42.730845                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     4.423086                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     2.075280                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data   283.842795                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total     5.422869                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    13.753703                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    14.140760                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     9.368694                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   157.766990                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    33.487893                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    24.190547                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    14.114403                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 124333.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       129800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       198000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 128444.444444                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 104666.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 128722.222222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 126424.528302                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 127862.318841                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126983.783784                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       117625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       120425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       119125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 117166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       141250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 118535.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 127115.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 123727.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 115821.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 110111.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       128200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 121871.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 125604.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 123254.385965                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 126247.967480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123827.944573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       117625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       120425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       119125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 117166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       141250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 118535.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 127115.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 123727.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 115821.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 110111.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       128200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 121871.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 125604.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 123254.385965                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 126247.967480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123827.944573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  243                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       243                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 34                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total              214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        43631                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        34720                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        90934                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        30632                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         3054                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data        44426                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data        31562                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          229                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        279188                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         4726                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         4632                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         6938                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         4217                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          412                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         4778                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         3882                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         2687                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        32272                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            185                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           61                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total               399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           61                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           56                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total              399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      1249500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       398000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       691500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       921000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       465000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       915500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       792500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       795000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       905500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       453000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      3370500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       905500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      6372500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6021000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24369500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   2375945540                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1890629153                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   4951553097                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1668087687                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    166308465                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data   2419239555                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data   1718685192                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     12452497                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15202901186                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    256446500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    251213000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    377228499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    228642499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     22337500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    259286499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    210533998                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    145115498                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1750803993                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1700000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       594000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       187000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2114000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       562000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2119000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      6117500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      8063500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21457000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      1249500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       691500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1515000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       187000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       915500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2906500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1467500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       453000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2232500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      3370500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      7023000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      6372500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     14084500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45826500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      1249500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       691500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1515000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       465000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       187000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       915500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2906500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1467500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       453000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2232500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      3370500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      7023000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      6372500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     14084500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45826500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       320000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       381499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       320000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       420500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       341000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       422498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       381498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       440000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3026995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       280000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       260000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       228000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       240000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       200000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       260500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       260000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       310499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2038999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       600000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       641499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       548000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       660500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       541000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       682998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       641498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       750499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5065994                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.030812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.049383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.019293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.105263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.014035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.023881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.092105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.024055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.129032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.011730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.012987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.072319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.097561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.108738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.261084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.055098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999885                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.999989                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.999967                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.999346                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.999955                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.999873                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.970339                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999925                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999366                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999784                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.999856                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.999791                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.999742                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.999628                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999752                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.517241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.692308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.230769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.736111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.821429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.030812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.172727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.019293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.135417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.014035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.013333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.023881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.245098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.024055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.159091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.011730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.168142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.072319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.396104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.108738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.425087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.095249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.030812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.172727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.019293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.135417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.014035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.013333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.023881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.245098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.024055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.159091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.011730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.168142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.072319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.396104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.108738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.425087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.095249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 113590.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        99500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       115250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       115125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       116250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 114437.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 113214.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 113571.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 113187.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       113250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 116224.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 113187.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 113794.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 113603.773585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113876.168224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54455.445440                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54453.604637                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54452.164174                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54455.722349                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54455.947937                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54455.489015                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 54454.254863                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54377.716157                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54453.992242                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54262.907321                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54234.240069                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54371.360479                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54219.231444                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54217.233010                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54266.743198                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 54233.384338                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54006.512095                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54251.487141                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 113333.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       118800                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       187000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 117444.444444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 93666.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 117722.222222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 115424.528302                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 116862.318841                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115983.783784                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 113590.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 110421.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       115250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 116538.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       116250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       187000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 114437.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       116260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 113571.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 104821.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       117500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 116224.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 115131.147541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 113794.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 115446.721311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114853.383459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 113590.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 110421.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       115250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 116538.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       116250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       187000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 114437.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       116260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 113571.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 104821.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       117500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 116224.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 115131.147541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 113794.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 115446.721311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114853.383459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                         34                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.l2.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss               9                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples           93                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           93    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total            93                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           65                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           65    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total           65                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples          3761                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     592182.930072                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    8062935.460418                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         3734     99.28%     99.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            4      0.11%     99.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            9      0.24%     99.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            4      0.11%     99.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            4      0.11%     99.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            2      0.05%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total            3761                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        632767.181943      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                     23808                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3761                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    422015.421430                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   5427015.193983                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06         3728     99.12%     99.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           19      0.51%     99.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            7      0.19%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.03%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            4      0.11%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            2      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total           3761                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       442256.632541      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                  16640                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples              93                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       97287.096774                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      96525.519453                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      15928.749138                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           89     95.70%     95.70% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            1      1.08%     96.77% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            1      1.08%     97.85% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%     97.85% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%     97.85% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      1.08%     98.92% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%     98.92% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     98.92% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      1.08%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total                93                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples                  93                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           404324784.946237                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          3144129512.552598                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows                93    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value            254000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value       29994443000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                    93                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples                65                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         579050661.538462                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        3234772883.803365                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows              65    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          342000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value     25544351000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                  65                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                   158                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             238131335.443038                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            2084648745.548660                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows                 158    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value              113000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value         25543999000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                     158                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3761                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.000532                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.023057                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0             3759     99.95%     99.95% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1                2      0.05%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total         3761                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3761                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0            3761    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total         3761                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples              3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             0.023132                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            0.316643                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0                    3734     99.28%     99.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::1                       4      0.11%     99.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2                       9      0.24%     99.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::3                       5      0.13%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4                       3      0.08%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::5                       1      0.03%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6                       3      0.08%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::7                       1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8                       1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples             3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.016485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.211993                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                   3728     99.12%     99.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                     19      0.51%     99.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                      7      0.19%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                      1      0.03%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                      4      0.11%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                      2      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total               3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples           99                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           99    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total            99                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           68                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    252.250000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   235.952548                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    30.923292                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      1.47%      1.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      1.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      1.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      1.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      1.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      1.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      1.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      1.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      1.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      1.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      1.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      1.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      1.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      1.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      1.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      1.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           67     98.53%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total           68                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples          3761                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     633023.132146                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    7950968.402931                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06         3728     99.12%     99.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           12      0.32%     99.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            6      0.16%     99.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.05%     99.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            4      0.11%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            7      0.19%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            2      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total            3761                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        673590.871100      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                     25344                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3761                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    442435.522467                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   5145072.712371                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06         3725     99.04%     99.04% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.04% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.04% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           18      0.48%     99.52% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.52% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.52% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07           11      0.29%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            3      0.08%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            4      0.11%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total           3761                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       455891.106849      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                  17153                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples              99                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       95198.989899                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      94684.854899                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev       9440.971229                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            1      1.01%      1.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%      1.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%      1.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%      1.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%      1.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%      1.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%      1.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           96     96.97%     97.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%     97.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%     97.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%     97.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%     97.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%     97.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            1      1.01%     98.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            1      1.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total                99                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples                  99                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           379848090.909091                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          3127558299.163830                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows                99    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value            171000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value       30876995000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                    99                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples                68                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         553433220.588235                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        3321290884.600412                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows              68    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          130000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value     27214488000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                  68                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                   167                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             225350053.892216                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            2127529502.014590                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows                 167    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value              114000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value         27214488000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                     167                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3761                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0             3761    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total         3761                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3761                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0            3761    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total         3761                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples              3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             0.024727                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            0.310585                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0                    3728     99.12%     99.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::1                      12      0.32%     99.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2                       6      0.16%     99.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::3                       2      0.05%     99.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4                       4      0.11%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::5                       7      0.19%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6                       2      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples             3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.017283                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.200979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                   3725     99.04%     99.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                     18      0.48%     99.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                     11      0.29%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                      3      0.08%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                      4      0.11%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total               3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples          104                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271          104    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total           104                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           53                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           53    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total           53                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples          3761                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     687476.734911                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    9034464.450832                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         3727     99.10%     99.10% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           14      0.37%     99.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            4      0.11%     99.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            4      0.11%     99.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            4      0.11%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            3      0.08%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.05%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total            3761                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        707610.612065      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                     26624                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3761                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    319914.916246                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   3649460.699475                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         3728     99.12%     99.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           20      0.53%     99.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     99.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07           12      0.32%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total           3761                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       360609.254225      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                  13568                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples             104                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       96919.230769                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      96211.179291                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      15446.349850                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          101     97.12%     97.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            1      0.96%     98.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            0      0.00%     98.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%     98.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%     98.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      0.96%     99.04% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%     99.04% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.04% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      0.96%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total               104                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples                 104                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           361551894.230769                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          2966029640.872883                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               1      0.96%      0.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows               103     99.04%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value             82000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value       29990907000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                   104                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples                53                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         709791075.471698                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        3868798925.495929                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows              53    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          226000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value     28130015000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                  53                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                   157                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean                239611000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            2258241379.794894                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 1      0.64%      0.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows                 156     99.36%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value               82000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value         28122569000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                     157                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3761                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0             3761    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total         3761                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3761                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0            3761    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total         3761                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples              3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             0.026855                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            0.352909                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0                    3727     99.10%     99.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::1                      14      0.37%     99.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2                       4      0.11%     99.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::3                       4      0.11%     99.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4                       4      0.11%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::5                       3      0.08%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6                       2      0.05%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::7                       1      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8                       1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::9                       1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples             3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.012497                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.142557                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                   3728     99.12%     99.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                     20      0.53%     99.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                     12      0.32%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                      1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total               3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples          100                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271          100    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total           100                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           58                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           58    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total           58                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples          3761                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     639829.832491                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    8633573.652526                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         3731     99.20%     99.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            9      0.24%     99.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            6      0.16%     99.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            4      0.11%     99.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            3      0.08%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            4      0.11%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            2      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total            3761                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        680394.819293      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                     25600                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3761                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    387981.919702                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   4381380.356144                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06         3722     98.96%     98.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     98.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     98.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           27      0.72%     99.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            8      0.21%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            3      0.08%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total           3761                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       394628.995190      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                  14848                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples             100                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean              96553                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      96175.095700                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      10076.890804                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           96     96.00%     96.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            1      1.00%     97.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            0      0.00%     97.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            1      1.00%     98.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      1.00%     99.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      1.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total               100                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples                 100                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean              376075010                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          3025673139.032820                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows               100    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value            196000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value       30003303000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                   100                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples                58                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         648580741.379310                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        2937650740.735855                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows              58    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          184000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value     20507100000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                  58                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                   158                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             238086601.265823                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            1797023489.097797                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows                 158    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value              174000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value         20507100000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                     158                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3761                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.000266                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.016306                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0             3760     99.97%     99.97% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1                1      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total         3761                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3761                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0            3761    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total         3761                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples              3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             0.024993                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            0.336459                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0                    3731     99.20%     99.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::1                       8      0.21%     99.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2                       8      0.21%     99.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::3                       3      0.08%     99.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4                       3      0.08%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::5                       4      0.11%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6                       1      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::7                       1      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8                       2      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples             3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.015156                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.171148                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                   3722     98.96%     98.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                     27      0.72%     99.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                      8      0.21%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                      3      0.08%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                      0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                      1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total               3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples         5670                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         5670    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total           5670                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          244                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     254.954918                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    250.247720                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     16.324702                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.41%      0.41% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.41% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.41% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.41% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.41% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.41% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.41% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.41% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.41% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.41% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.41% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.41% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.41% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.41% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.41% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.41% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271          243     99.59%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total           244                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples           3761                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      2552512.629620                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     32267436.481937                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07         3729     99.15%     99.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08           11      0.29%     99.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08            4      0.11%     99.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.03%     99.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08            4      0.11%     99.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08            2      0.05%     99.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08            3      0.08%     99.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            2      0.05%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            2      0.05%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            2      0.05%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total             3761                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         2694363.484401      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                     101376                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          3761                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     1572347.779846                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    16334542.470010                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         3695     98.25%     98.25% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           26      0.69%     98.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07           13      0.35%     99.28% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            5      0.13%     99.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            5      0.13%     99.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            4      0.11%     99.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.05%     99.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.03%     99.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.03%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.03%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            3      0.08%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            3      0.08%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total            3761                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        1653385.988805      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                   62209                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples              396                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        105270.202020                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       104705.665431                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       13165.460025                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      0.25%      0.25% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.25% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.25% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%      0.25% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          381     96.21%     96.46% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            5      1.26%     97.73% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            1      0.25%     97.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            3      0.76%     98.74% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            2      0.51%     99.24% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.25%     99.49% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.49% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%     99.49% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            2      0.51%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total                396                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20000.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-1023                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples                 5670                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            6631639.770723                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           1746418.981677                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                     6      0.11%      0.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000                 0      0.00%      0.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000                0      0.00%      0.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000                4      0.07%      0.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000                2      0.04%      0.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000                1      0.02%      0.23% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000                1      0.02%      0.25% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000                2      0.04%      0.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000                0      0.00%      0.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000                2      0.04%      0.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000                1      0.02%      0.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000                0      0.00%      0.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000                3      0.05%      0.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000                0      0.00%      0.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000                2      0.04%      0.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000                0      0.00%      0.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000                0      0.00%      0.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000                0      0.00%      0.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000                1      0.02%      0.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000               1      0.02%      0.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows               5644     99.54%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           21159001                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                   5670                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples                244                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          154201690.573770                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         1218377546.500363                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000              5      2.05%      2.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              0      0.00%      2.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000              0      0.00%      2.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              1      0.41%      2.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000              2      0.82%      3.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000              2      0.82%      4.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              0      0.00%      4.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              0      0.00%      4.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000              0      0.00%      4.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              1      0.41%      4.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000              1      0.41%      4.92% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              1      0.41%      5.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              0      0.00%      5.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              0      0.00%      5.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000              0      0.00%      5.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000              0      0.00%      5.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000             2      0.82%      6.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows              229     93.85%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value      17728051000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                  244                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                   5914                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              6362058.251606                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             2082638.310967                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                       7      0.12%      0.12% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                   1      0.02%      0.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000                  0      0.00%      0.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 11      0.19%      0.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000                  2      0.03%      0.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000                  2      0.03%      0.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000                  6      0.10%      0.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000                  8      0.14%      0.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000                  5      0.08%      0.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000                  9      0.15%      0.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000                  3      0.05%      0.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000                  6      0.10%      1.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000                  5      0.08%      1.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000                  2      0.03%      1.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000                  4      0.07%      1.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000                  5      0.08%      1.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                  5      0.08%      1.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                  2      0.03%      1.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                  2      0.03%      1.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                 6      0.10%      1.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                 5823     98.46%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             16286000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                     5914                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3761                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.001064                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.032599                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              3757     99.89%     99.89% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1                 4      0.11%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total          3761                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3761                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0             3761    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total         3761                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples               3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean              1.501994                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             1.299983                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-1                   2202     58.55%     58.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::2-3                   1527     40.60%     99.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::4-5                      6      0.16%     99.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::6-7                      8      0.21%     99.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-9                      1      0.03%     99.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::10-11                    2      0.05%     99.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::12-13                    2      0.05%     99.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::14-15                    3      0.08%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-17                    1      0.03%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::18-19                    1      0.03%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::20-21                    3      0.08%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::22-23                    2      0.05%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-25                    1      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::26-27                    2      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::28-29                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::30-31                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-33                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::34-35                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::36-37                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::38-39                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                 3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples              3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.061420                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            0.638068                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0                    3695     98.25%     98.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::1                      26      0.69%     98.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2                      13      0.35%     99.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::3                       5      0.13%     99.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4                       5      0.13%     99.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::5                       4      0.11%     99.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6                       2      0.05%     99.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::7                       1      0.03%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8                       1      0.03%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::9                       1      0.03%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10                      3      0.08%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::11                      3      0.08%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12                      1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::13                      1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                3761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     4912157                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                        12                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                     647833                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                       15                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 4912169                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 647848                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                          5559990                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                             27                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                      5560017                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    19411628                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                        11                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                19411639                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         19411628                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                             11                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     19411639                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        75133092                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19028240                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     19529782                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             14869481                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     138292                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      3152374                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    14869481                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           19286017                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           9688495                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            73393380                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           13638584                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      5589831                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    4912760                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    677071                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              166151.655939                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              74966940.344061                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.997789                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.002211                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          4038219                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 13948886     71.31%     71.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   21191      0.11%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                24      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 4912760     25.12%     96.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 677071      3.46%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  19559933                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     124                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              357                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             784716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          2198.084034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst         1018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.994141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          907                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         38823613                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        38823613                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     19411271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       19411271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     19411271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        19411271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     19411271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       19411271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          357                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          357                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6537494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6537494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6537494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6537494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6537494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6537494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     19411628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19411628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     19411628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     19411628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     19411628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     19411628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 18312.308123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18312.308123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 18312.308123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18312.308123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 18312.308123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18312.308123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      5822506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5822506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      5822506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5822506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      5822506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5822506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16309.540616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16309.540616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16309.540616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16309.540616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16309.540616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16309.540616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry                32                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              204                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          781.247946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             146720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           719.215686                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   781.247946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.762937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.762937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          726                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          652                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.708984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         11326489                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        11326489                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      4670799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4670799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       538229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        538229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          157                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          157                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        39726                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        39726                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        28316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        28316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data      5209028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         5209028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data      5209185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        5209185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       179717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       179717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        65097                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        65097                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           80                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           80                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        21662                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        21662                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        16139                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        16139                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data       244814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        244814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data       244894                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       244894                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   8043549300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8043549300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3092081671                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3092081671                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    388405926                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    388405926                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    516328000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    516328000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    111623500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total    111623500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  11135630971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11135630971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  11135630971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11135630971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      4850516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4850516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       603326                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       603326                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          237                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          237                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        61388                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        61388                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        44455                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        44455                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data      5453842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5453842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data      5454079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5454079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.037051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.107897                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.107897                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.337553                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.337553                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.352870                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.352870                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.363041                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.363041                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.044888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.044901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 44756.752561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44756.752561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 47499.603223                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47499.603223                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 17930.289262                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17930.289262                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 31992.564595                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31992.564595                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 45486.087279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45486.087279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 45471.228250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45471.228250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           67                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       179717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       179717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        65097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        65097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           80                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           80                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        21595                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        21595                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        16136                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        16136                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       244814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       244814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       244894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       244894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   7572850700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7572850700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   2961060329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2961060329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       576002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    334920572                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    334920572                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    491252000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    491252000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    104427500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104427500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  10533911029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10533911029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  10534487031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10534487031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       512500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       512500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       443501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       443501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       956001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       956001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.037051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.107897                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107897                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.337553                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337553                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.351779                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351779                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.362974                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362974                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.044888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.044901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 42137.642516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42137.642516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 45486.893851                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45486.893851                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  7200.025000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7200.025000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 15509.172123                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15509.172123                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 30444.471988                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30444.471988                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 43028.221544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43028.221544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 43016.517477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43016.517477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry             93053                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     4983861                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                        18                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     592259                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        8                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 4983879                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 592267                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          5576120                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                             26                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      5576146                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    19697221                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                        11                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                19697232                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         19697221                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                             11                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     19697232                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                        75168891                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   19342279                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     19805305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             15029543                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     128985                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      3225448                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    15029543                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           19304443                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           9787662                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            74430856                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           13946442                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      5602024                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    4984312                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    617712                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              146455.283306                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              75022435.716694                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.998052                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.001948                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          4123750                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 14208218     71.64%     71.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   21170      0.11%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                12      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 4984312     25.13%     96.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 617712      3.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  19831424                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     136                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              308                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          987.999463                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             759027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          2464.373377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst   987.999463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.964843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          988                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          852                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         39394753                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        39394753                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     19696910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       19696910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     19696910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        19696910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     19696910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       19696910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          311                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          311                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      5472993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5472993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      5472993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5472993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      5472993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5472993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     19697221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19697221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     19697221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     19697221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     19697221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     19697221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17598.048232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17598.048232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17598.048232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17598.048232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17598.048232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17598.048232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      4848007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4848007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      4848007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4848007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      4848007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4848007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15588.446945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15588.446945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15588.446945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15588.446945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15588.446945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15588.446945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry                32                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              177                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          775.746003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              71746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              177                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           405.344633                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   775.746003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.757564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.757564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          730                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          646                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.712891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         11362068                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        11362068                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      4742229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4742229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       497698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        497698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          132                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          132                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        36531                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        36531                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        25136                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        25136                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data      5239927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         5239927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data      5240059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        5240059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       182841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        53723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        53723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           60                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           60                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        22049                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        22049                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        15558                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        15558                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data       236564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        236564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data       236624                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       236624                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   8402751249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8402751249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2467850333                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2467850333                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    407103193                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    407103193                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    491065500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    491065500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    122525500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total    122525500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  10870601582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10870601582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  10870601582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10870601582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      4925070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4925070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       551421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       551421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          192                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        58580                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        58580                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        40694                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        40694                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data      5476491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5476491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data      5476683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5476683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.037125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.097426                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.097426                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.312500                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.312500                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.376391                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.376391                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.382317                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.382317                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.043196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.043206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 45956.602999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45956.602999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 45936.569682                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45936.569682                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18463.567191                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18463.567191                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 31563.536444                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31563.536444                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 45952.053491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45952.053491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 45940.401574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45940.401574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           67                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               67                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       182841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       182841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        53723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        53723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           60                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           60                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        22000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        22000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        15557                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        15557                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       236564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       236564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       236624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       236624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   7919446751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7919446751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2359738667                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2359738667                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       707502                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       707502                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    351939806                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    351939806                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    467829500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    467829500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    114647500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114647500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  10279185418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10279185418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  10279892920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10279892920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       635500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       635500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       409500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       409500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1045000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1045000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.037125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.097426                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097426                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.375555                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375555                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.382292                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382292                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.043196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.043206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 43313.298172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43313.298172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 43924.178974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43924.178974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11791.700000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11791.700000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 15997.263909                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15997.263909                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 30071.961175                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30071.961175                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 43452.027434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43452.027434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 43443.999425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43443.999425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry            100024                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     4523348                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                        15                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                     900250                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       12                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 4523363                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                 900262                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                          5423598                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                             27                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                      5423625                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                    17842993                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                        11                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                17843004                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                         17842993                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                             11                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                     17843004                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        75202324                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   17314152                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     17979295                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             13924155                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     179854                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      2761143                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    13924155                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           18963948                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           9100683                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            67590547                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           11995191                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      5472688                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    4523724                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    948964                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              151492.290302                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              75050831.709698                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.997986                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.002014                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          3578334                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 12534726     69.53%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   21157      0.12%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 4523724     25.09%     94.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 948964      5.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  18028579                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     181                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              284                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          999.999984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            1070772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          3770.323944                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst   999.999984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.976562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1000                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          884                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.976562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35686271                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        35686271                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst     17842708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       17842708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst     17842708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        17842708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst     17842708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       17842708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst          285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst          285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst          285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      4800493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4800493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      4800493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4800493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      4800493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4800493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     17842993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17842993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     17842993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     17842993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     17842993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     17842993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 16843.835088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16843.835088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 16843.835088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16843.835088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 16843.835088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16843.835088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      4227507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4227507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      4227507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4227507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      4227507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4227507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14833.357895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14833.357895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14833.357895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14833.357895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14833.357895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14833.357895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                23                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements              162                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          834.044713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            1136241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          7013.833333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   834.044713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.814497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.814497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          859                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          717                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.838867                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         11032947                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        11032947                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      4284641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4284641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data       712906                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        712906                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           84                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           84                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        57946                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        57946                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        45206                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        45206                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data      4997547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         4997547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data      4997631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        4997631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data       162072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       162072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data       123347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       123347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           61                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           61                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        18528                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        18528                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        18767                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        18767                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data       285419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        285419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data       285480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       285480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   6373236540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6373236540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   6388793789                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6388793789                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    304258367                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    304258367                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    710854500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    710854500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     54808500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total     54808500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  12762030329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12762030329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  12762030329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12762030329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      4446713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4446713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data       836253                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       836253                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          145                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          145                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        76474                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        76474                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        63973                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        63973                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data      5282966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5282966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data      5283111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5283111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.036448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.147500                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.147500                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.420690                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.420690                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.242278                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.242278                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.293358                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.293358                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.054026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.054036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 39323.489190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39323.489190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 51795.291243                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51795.291243                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 16421.543987                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16421.543987                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 37877.897373                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37877.897373                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 44713.317365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44713.317365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 44703.763237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44703.763237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           44                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total               44                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       162072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       162072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       123347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       123347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           61                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           61                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        18478                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        18478                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        18763                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        18763                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       285419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       285419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       285480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       285480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   5962963460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5962963460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   6140392211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6140392211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       311500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       311500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    261750133                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    261750133                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    676978500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    676978500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     51158500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51158500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  12103355671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12103355671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  12103667171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12103667171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       512000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       512000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       377000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       377000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       889000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       889000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.036448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.147500                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147500                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.420690                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.420690                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.241625                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241625                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.293296                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293296                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.054026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.054036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 36792.064391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36792.064391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 49781.447550                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49781.447550                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  5106.557377                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5106.557377                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 14165.501299                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14165.501299                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 36080.504184                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36080.504184                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 42405.571006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42405.571006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 42397.601131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42397.601131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry             71946                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     5021830                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                        19                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                     571660                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        8                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                 5021849                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                 571668                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                          5593490                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                             27                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                      5593517                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                    19848771                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                        11                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                19848782                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                         19848771                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                             11                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                     19848782                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                        75196208                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   19507445                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     19958247                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             15126262                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     125989                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      3262430                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    15126262                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           19353364                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           9847187                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            75004336                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           14100481                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      5618283                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    5022285                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    595998                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              127185.442698                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              75069022.557302                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.998309                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.001691                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          4167823                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 14343774     71.78%     71.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   21184      0.11%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                16      0.00%     71.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 5022285     25.13%     97.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 595998      2.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  19983258                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     142                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              325                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          951.004051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             618128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              325                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          1901.932308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst   951.004051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.928715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.928715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          956                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          827                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.933594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         39697877                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        39697877                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst     19848436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       19848436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst     19848436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        19848436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst     19848436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       19848436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          335                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          335                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      6407987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6407987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      6407987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6407987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      6407987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6407987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     19848771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19848771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     19848771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     19848771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     19848771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     19848771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 19128.319403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19128.319403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 19128.319403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19128.319403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 19128.319403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19128.319403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      5732013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5732013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      5732013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5732013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      5732013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5732013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 17110.486567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17110.486567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 17110.486567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17110.486567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 17110.486567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17110.486567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                29                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              123                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          610.699340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              90559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              123                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           736.252033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   610.699340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.596386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.596386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          624                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          513                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.609375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         11399046                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        11399046                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      4779776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4779776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data       483643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        483643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          104                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          104                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        34848                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        34848                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        23793                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        23793                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data      5263419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         5263419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data      5263523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        5263523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data       184566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        48855                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        48855                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           55                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           55                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        22460                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        22460                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        15270                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        15270                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data       233421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        233421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data       233476                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       233476                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   8531199513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8531199513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   2184979917                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2184979917                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    413389025                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    413389025                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    464601000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    464601000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    127538500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total    127538500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  10716179430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10716179430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  10716179430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10716179430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      4964342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4964342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data       532498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       532498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          159                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          159                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        57308                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        57308                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        39063                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        39063                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data      5496840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5496840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data      5496999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5496999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.037178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.091747                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.091747                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.345912                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.345912                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.391917                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.391917                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.390907                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.390907                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.042465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.042465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.042473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.042473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 46223.028689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46223.028689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 44723.772736                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44723.772736                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 18405.566563                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18405.566563                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 30425.736739                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30425.736739                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 45909.234516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45909.234516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 45898.419666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45898.419666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           33                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total               33                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       184566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       184566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        48855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        48855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           55                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        22416                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        22416                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        15269                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        15269                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       233421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       233421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       233476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       233476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   8041902487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8041902487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   2086689083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2086689083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       705500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       705500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    357019475                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    357019475                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    442247000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    442247000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    119354500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119354500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  10128591570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10128591570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  10129297070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10129297070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       704500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       704500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       378000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       378000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data      1082500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1082500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.037178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.091747                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091747                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.345912                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345912                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.391150                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391150                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.390881                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390881                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.042465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.042473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 43571.960637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43571.960637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 42711.883799                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42711.883799                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12827.272727                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12827.272727                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 15926.992996                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15926.992996                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 28963.717336                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28963.717336                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 43391.946611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43391.946611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 43384.746484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43384.746484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry            101127                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                     5428216                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                        14                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                     318795                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                       10                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                 5428230                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                 318805                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                          5747011                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                             24                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                      5747035                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                    21292290                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                        11                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                21292301                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                         21292290                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                             11                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                     21292301                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                        75139011                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   21093570                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     21336281                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             15985155                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                      76586                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts      3580520                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    15985155                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           19639073                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes          10397792                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads            80331539                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes           15443401                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                      5759823                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    5428630                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                    331193                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              183966.341460                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              74955044.658540                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.997552                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.002448                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          4538745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 15568317     72.92%     72.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                   21144      0.10%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 5428630     25.43%     98.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                 331193      1.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  21349293                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                     113                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements              283                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse          916.101460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs             432690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs              283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs          1528.939929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst   916.101460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.894630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.894630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          919                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.897461                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses         42584871                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses        42584871                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst     21291999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       21291999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst     21291999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total        21291999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst     21291999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total       21291999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst          291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst          291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total           291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst          291                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total          291                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      5592491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5592491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      5592491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5592491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      5592491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5592491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     21292290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21292290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     21292290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total     21292290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     21292290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total     21292290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 19218.182131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19218.182131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 19218.182131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19218.182131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 19218.182131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19218.182131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      5006509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5006509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      5006509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5006509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      5006509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5006509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 17204.498282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17204.498282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 17204.498282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17204.498282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 17204.498282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17204.498282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                33                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements              125                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          729.225643                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs              18547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              125                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs           148.376000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   729.225643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.712134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.712134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          710                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          629                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.693359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         11697157                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses        11697157                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data      5205400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5205400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data       281486                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        281486                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          100                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          100                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data        20006                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20006                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data        16568                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16568                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data      5486886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total         5486886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data      5486986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total        5486986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data       190934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data        14423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        14423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           58                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           58                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data        11701                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11701                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         6302                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6302                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data       205357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total        205357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data       205415                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total       205415                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   9497071371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9497071371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    257954439                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    257954439                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    162165670                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    162165670                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    182024998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    182024998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     11990500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total     11990500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   9755025810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9755025810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   9755025810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9755025810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data      5396334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5396334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data       295909                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       295909                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          158                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data        31707                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        31707                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data        22870                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        22870                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data      5692243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5692243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data      5692401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5692401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.035382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.048741                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.048741                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.367089                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.367089                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.369035                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.369035                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.275557                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.275557                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.036077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.036086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 49740.074429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49740.074429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 17884.936490                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17884.936490                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 13859.129134                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13859.129134                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 28883.687401                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28883.687401                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 47502.767425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47502.767425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 47489.354770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47489.354770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           50                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total               50                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data       190932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       190932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data        14423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           58                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data        11654                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        11654                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         6299                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         6299                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data       205355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data       205413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   9003774129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9003774129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    229047561                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229047561                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       787001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       787001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    137102829                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137102829                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    170196002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    170196002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     11220500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11220500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   9232821690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9232821690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   9233608691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9233608691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       575000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       575000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       315000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       315000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       890000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       890000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.035382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.048741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.367089                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367089                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.367553                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367553                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.275426                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275426                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.036076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.036085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 47156.967554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47156.967554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 15880.715593                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15880.715593                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 13568.982759                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13568.982759                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 11764.443882                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11764.443882                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 27019.527227                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27019.527227                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 44960.296511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44960.296511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 44951.432923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44951.432923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry             85232                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                     4911770                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                        17                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                     646144                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                       11                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                 4911787                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                 646155                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                          5557914                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                             28                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                      5557942                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                    19403817                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                        11                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                19403828                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                         19403817                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                             11                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                     19403828                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                        75162840                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                   19019836                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                     19519423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses             14861282                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                     138202                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts      3150104                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                    14861282                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads           19274094                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes           9682845                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads            73361858                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes           13627615                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                      5588376                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                    4912238                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                    676138                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              142930.573390                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              75019909.426610                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.998098                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.001902                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                          4036120                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                 13940533     71.31%     71.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                   21174      0.11%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                16      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                 4912238     25.13%     96.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                 676138      3.46%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                  19550100                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                     123                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              326                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse          880.796915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs             557001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs          1708.592025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst   880.796915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.860153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.860153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          888                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          754                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses         38807975                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses        38807975                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst     19403476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       19403476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst     19403476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total        19403476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst     19403476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total       19403476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      5822484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5822484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      5822484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5822484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      5822484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5822484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     19403817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19403817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     19403817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total     19403817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     19403817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total     19403817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 17074.733138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17074.733138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 17074.733138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17074.733138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 17074.733138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17074.733138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      5134516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5134516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      5134516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5134516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      5134516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5134516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15057.231672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15057.231672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15057.231672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15057.231672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15057.231672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15057.231672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                30                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              162                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          689.983385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs              16750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs           103.395062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   689.983385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.673812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.673812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          687                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          592                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.670898                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         11322325                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses        11322325                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data      4670145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4670145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data       535187                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        535187                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          106                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          106                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data        40081                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        40081                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data        28603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        28603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data      5205332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total         5205332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data      5205438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total        5205438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data       179829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       179829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data        66160                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        66160                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           52                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           52                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data        21536                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        21536                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data        16140                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        16140                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data       245989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total        245989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data       246041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total       246041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data   8005255000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8005255000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data   3148821164                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3148821164                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    386622366                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    386622366                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    518492000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    518492000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    110916500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total    110916500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  11154076164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11154076164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  11154076164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11154076164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data      4849974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4849974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data       601347                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       601347                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          158                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data        61617                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        61617                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data        44743                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        44743                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data      5451321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5451321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data      5451479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5451479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.037078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.110020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.110020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.329114                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.329114                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.349514                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.349514                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.360727                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.360727                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.045125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.045133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 44515.929021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44515.929021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 47594.032104                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47594.032104                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 17952.375836                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17952.375836                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 32124.659232                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32124.659232                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 45343.800593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45343.800593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 45334.217322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45334.217322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           73                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total               73                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data       179828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       179828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data        66160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        66160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           52                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data        21490                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        21490                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data        16136                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        16136                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data       245988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       245988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data       246040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       246040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data   7530455000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7530455000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data   3015666836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3015666836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       482000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       482000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    333508634                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    333508634                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    493374000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    493374000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    103762500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103762500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  10546121836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10546121836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  10546603836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10546603836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       716500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       716500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       410000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       410000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data      1126500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1126500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.037078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.110020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.329114                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329114                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.348767                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348767                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.360637                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360637                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.045124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.045133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 41875.875837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41875.875837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 45581.421342                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45581.421342                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9269.230769                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9269.230769                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 15519.247743                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15519.247743                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 30575.979177                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30575.979177                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 42872.505309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42872.505309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 42865.403333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42865.403333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry             95964                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                     5025581                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                        16                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                     569824                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                       11                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                 5025597                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                 569835                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                          5595405                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                             27                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                      5595432                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                    19850086                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                        11                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                19850097                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                         19850086                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                             11                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                     19850097                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                        75081997                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                   19510978                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                     19957184                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses             15130197                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                     125392                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts      3257632                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                    15130197                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads           19355897                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes           9853044                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads            75011032                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes           14080563                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                      5620655                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                    5026382                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                    594273                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              222769.398653                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              74859227.601347                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.997033                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.002967                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                          4162361                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                 14340524     71.76%     71.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                   21482      0.11%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                12      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                 5026382     25.15%     97.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                 594273      2.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                  19982674                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                     121                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements              318                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse          744.070299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs             492187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs              318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs          1547.757862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst   744.070299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.726631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.726631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          787                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          617                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.768555                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses         39700573                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses        39700573                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst     19849685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       19849685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst     19849685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total        19849685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst     19849685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total       19849685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst          401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst          401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total           401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst          401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total          401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      9554982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9554982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      9554982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9554982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      9554982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9554982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst     19850086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19850086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst     19850086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total     19850086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst     19850086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total     19850086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 23827.885287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23827.885287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 23827.885287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23827.885287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 23827.885287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23827.885287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      8744018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8744018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      8744018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8744018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      8744018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8744018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 21805.531172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21805.531172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 21805.531172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21805.531172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 21805.531172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21805.531172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                24                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements              150                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          594.155971                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs               7908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            52.720000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   594.155971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.580230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.580230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          576                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.562500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         11400316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses        11400316                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data      4785854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4785854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data       480614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        480614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          151                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          151                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data        34639                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        34639                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data        24400                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        24400                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data      5266468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total         5266468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data      5266619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total        5266619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data       183692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data        50159                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        50159                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           53                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           53                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu6.data        21173                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        21173                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu6.data        14571                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        14571                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data       233851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total        233851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data       233904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total       233904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data   8470196238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8470196238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data   2254983901                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2254983901                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    380996769                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    380996769                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    445722500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    445722500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    110796500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total    110796500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  10725180139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10725180139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  10725180139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10725180139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data      4969546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4969546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data       530773                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       530773                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        55812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        55812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        38971                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        38971                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data      5500319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5500319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data      5500523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5500523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.036964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.094502                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.094502                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.259804                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.259804                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.379363                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.379363                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.373893                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.373893                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.042516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.042516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.042524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.042524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 46110.860778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46110.860778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 44956.715664                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44956.715664                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 17994.463184                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17994.463184                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 30589.698717                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30589.698717                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 45863.306717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45863.306717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 45852.914610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45852.914610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           62                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total               62                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data       183691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       183691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data        50159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        50159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           53                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data        21127                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        21127                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data        14570                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        14570                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data       233850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       233850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data       233903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       233903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data   7983908762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7983908762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data   2154068099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2154068099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       679501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       679501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    328438730                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328438730                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    423700500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    423700500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    103678500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103678500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  10137976861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10137976861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  10138656362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10138656362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       618000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       618000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       410000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       410000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data      1028000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1028000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.036963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.094502                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094502                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.259804                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.259804                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.378539                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378539                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.373868                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373868                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.042516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.042524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 43463.799326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43463.799326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 42944.797524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42944.797524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 12820.773585                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12820.773585                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 15545.923700                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15545.923700                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 29080.336307                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29080.336307                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 43352.477490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43352.477490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 43345.559322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43345.559322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry             99428                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                     5266929                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                        21                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                     413279                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                       16                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       3                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                 5266950                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                 413295                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                          5680208                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                             37                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                      5680245                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                    20843680                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         3                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                20843683                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                         20843680                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                     20843683                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                        75250476                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                   20597108                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                     20948890                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses             15733692                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                   209                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                     100401                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts      3511121                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                    15733692                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                          209                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads           19572283                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes          10223923                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                 145                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                 64                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads            78706540                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes           15138498                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                      5694067                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                    5267795                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                    426272                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              54436.112168                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              75196039.887832                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.999277                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.000723                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                          4461071                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                 15247808     72.74%     72.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                   21197      0.10%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                29      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                 5267795     25.13%     97.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                 426272      2.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                  20963103                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                      74                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              495                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse          907.061352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs            1086826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs          2195.608081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   907.061352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.885802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.885802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          914                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          748                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses         41687875                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses        41687875                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst     20843165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       20843165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst     20843165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total        20843165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst     20843165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total       20843165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          515                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          515                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          515                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          515                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14036496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14036496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14036496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14036496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14036496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14036496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst     20843680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20843680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst     20843680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total     20843680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst     20843680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total     20843680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 27255.332039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27255.332039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 27255.332039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27255.332039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 27255.332039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27255.332039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13003504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13003504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13003504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13003504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13003504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13003504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 25249.522330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25249.522330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 25249.522330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25249.522330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 25249.522330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25249.522330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                42                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              310                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          861.375765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs             299141                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              310                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs           964.970968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   861.375765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.841187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.841187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          844                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          716                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.824219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         11586833                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses        11586833                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data      5023955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5023955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data       375484                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        375484                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          261                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          261                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data        21484                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21484                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data        13506                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        13506                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data      5399439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total         5399439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data      5399700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total        5399700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data       194868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data        10996                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10996                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           67                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           67                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data        26272                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        26272                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data        13277                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        13277                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data       205864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total        205864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data       205931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total       205931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data   9667129180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9667129180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     69149496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69149496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    515111127                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    515111127                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    333251000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    333251000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    149000000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total    149000000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data   9736278676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9736278676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data   9736278676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9736278676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data      5218823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5218823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data       386480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          328                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          328                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data        47756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        47756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data        26783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        26783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data      5605303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5605303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data      5605631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5605631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.037339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.028452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.204268                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.204268                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.550130                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.550130                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.495725                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.495725                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.036727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.036736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 49608.602644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49608.602644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  6288.604583                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6288.604583                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 19606.848622                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19606.848622                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 25099.871959                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25099.871959                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 47294.712412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47294.712412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 47279.324997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47279.324997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          207                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total              207                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data       194866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       194866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data        10995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           67                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data        26222                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        26222                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data        13277                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        13277                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data       205861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data       205928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data   9134890320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9134890320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     47062004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47062004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1372000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1372000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    449173873                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    449173873                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    317153000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    317153000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    138544000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    138544000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data   9181952324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9181952324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data   9183324324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9183324324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       713000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       713000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       491500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       491500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data      1204500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1204500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.037339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.028449                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028449                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.204268                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204268                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.549083                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.549083                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.495725                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495725                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.036726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.036736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 46877.804851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46877.804851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  4280.309595                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4280.309595                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 20477.611940                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20477.611940                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 17129.657273                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17129.657273                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 23887.399262                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23887.399262                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 44602.680080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44602.680080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 44594.830834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44594.830834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry            112431                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
im 37625213000 # Number of ticks simulated [timestamp6_sim_ticks]
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       601334839
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       1195387
system.cpu.int_instructions                       120659767
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       657
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       33106423
system.cpu.load_instructions                       40078126
system.cpu.store_instructions                       4867621
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       155413608
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       154749119
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       78581631
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       593
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       64
system.cpu.function_calls                       1013701
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       120659767
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       657
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       158190566
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       80
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       158190486
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       2836
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       39621318
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       4338007
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       44733959
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       223
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       1458519
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       432760
system.mem_ctrls.memory_reads                       396
system.mem_ctrls.memory_writes                       243
