sim_seconds                                  0.126186                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                126185710000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               118866420506500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              586053170                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                603563115                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1885893481                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2644628                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    66.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 39212986522                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   40384587688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        22528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      6028544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        16128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      5890048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total         11961344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        22528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        16128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total        42240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       126464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        126464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           88                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        23549                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        23008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total             46724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks          494                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total              494                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       178531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     47775172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       127812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     46677615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        28403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         4058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total            94791589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       178531                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       127812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        28403                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total         334745                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks       1002205                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total            1002205                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks       1002205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       178531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     47775172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       127812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     46677615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        28403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         4058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total           95793795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                     46724                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                      494                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                  373792                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                   3952                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM             11960608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                   736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                126464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys              11961344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             126464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                   23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0           49104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1           44432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2           47200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3           46768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4           47000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5           44384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6           48617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7           46264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0             464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1             472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3             464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4             432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7             600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                126156107000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5              373792                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5               3952                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                 46206                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                 46251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                 46282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                 46311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                 46326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                 46343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                 46368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                 46392                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                   516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                   470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                  439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                  410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                  395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                  378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                  353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                  329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples        47773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   253.010529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.358618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.738011                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63          289      0.60%      0.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95          156      0.33%      0.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127          111      0.23%      1.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.01%      1.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191          109      0.23%      1.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223          155      0.32%      1.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255          288      0.60%      2.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287        46659     97.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total        47773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          166                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean  2254.168675                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1455.594737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1759.495829                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           21     12.65%     12.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            9      5.42%     18.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            7      4.22%     22.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            9      5.42%     27.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            7      4.22%     31.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           11      6.63%     38.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           13      7.83%     46.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           16      9.64%     56.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            4      2.41%     58.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            8      4.82%     63.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            6      3.61%     66.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            5      3.01%     69.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            7      4.22%     74.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            6      3.61%     77.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            7      4.22%     81.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            7      4.22%     86.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            3      1.81%     87.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            4      2.41%     90.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.60%     90.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            5      3.01%     93.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            4      2.41%     96.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.60%     96.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      0.60%     97.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      0.60%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1      0.60%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8447            1      0.60%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::9984-10239            1      0.60%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          166                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          166                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.807229                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.774730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.116899                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.20%      1.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.60%      1.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.60%      2.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.60%      3.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.60%      3.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            160     96.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          166                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                10916511854                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat           17251896404                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat               1196060800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   29206.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              46156.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                      94.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       1.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                   94.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    1.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    31.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                 326658                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                  3290                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                  2671779.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE 111485671222                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF   11087676000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT    3612924558                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          2899256371.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          2824063401.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          2838421353.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          2944969574.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0          1955847552.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1            1905122136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2            1914808056                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3            1986685824                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0         17784752294.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         17277113817.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         17323219430.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3         17927362252.800003                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        746741514.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        736748421.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        743284408.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        780247987.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      601390662194.880005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      601024045691.520020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      601325258005.439941                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      602319468913.920044                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0      6425543118672.000977                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1      6425864712096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2      6425600490768                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3      6424728375936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        9046725416143.681641                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        9046036843108.798828                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        9046150519566.718750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        9047092148033.279297                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          78.066644                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          78.060702                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          78.061683                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          78.069808                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1366528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        17664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      6650368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1325824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        21248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      6575360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total         15960832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        17664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        21248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total        41984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks       133632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total        133632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        25978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           83                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        25685                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total             62347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks          522                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total              522                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     10829499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       139984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     52703020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     10506927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       168387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     52108595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        24345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         6086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total           126486842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       139984                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       168387                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        24345                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         332716                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks       1059011                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total            1059011                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks       1059011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     10829499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       139984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     52703020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     10506927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       168387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     52108595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        24345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         6086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total          127545853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                     62347                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                      522                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                  498776                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                   4176                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM             15959328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                  1504                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                133632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys              15960832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys             133632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                   47                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0           57336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1           61217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2           62760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3           61040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4           70016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5           61792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6           64216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7           60352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0             400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2             584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4             489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5             304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6             584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7             839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                126311497000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5              498776                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5               4176                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                 61413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                 61485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                 61523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                 61575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                 61614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                 61657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                 61710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                 61765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                   929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                   856                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                  818                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                  766                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                  727                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                  684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                  631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                  576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                  171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                  171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                  171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                  171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                  171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                  171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                  171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples        63613                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.982252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.397584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.679741                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63          351      0.55%      0.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95          234      0.37%      0.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127          162      0.25%      1.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.01%      1.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191          163      0.26%      1.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223          234      0.37%      1.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255          347      0.55%      2.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287        62116     97.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total        63613                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples          175                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean  2849.925714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1806.454154                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  2302.860859                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           14      8.00%      8.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           16      9.14%     17.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            6      3.43%     20.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            9      5.14%     25.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            7      4.00%     29.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            2      1.14%     30.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           14      8.00%     38.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            9      5.14%     44.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            9      5.14%     49.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            7      4.00%     53.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            7      4.00%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            8      4.57%     61.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            6      3.43%     65.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583           10      5.71%     70.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            4      2.29%     73.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            4      2.29%     75.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            3      1.71%     77.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            5      2.86%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            4      2.29%     82.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            5      2.86%     85.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            3      1.71%     86.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            3      1.71%     88.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            2      1.14%     89.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      0.57%     90.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      0.57%     90.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            3      1.71%     92.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            3      1.71%     94.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      0.57%     94.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1      0.57%     95.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.57%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            2      1.14%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::8448-8703            1      0.57%     97.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9471            2      1.14%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::10496-10751            1      0.57%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11519            1      0.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total          175                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples          175                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.862857                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.836219                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.002034                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.14%      1.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.57%      1.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.57%      2.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24            171     97.71%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total          175                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                14613083866                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat           23066540416                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat               1595932800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   29300.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              46250.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                     126.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       1.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                  126.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    1.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   1.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    31.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                 435815                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                  3477                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                  2009122.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE 110313317834                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF   11087676000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT    4785277946                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0          3282354835.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1            3392029872                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          3538747094.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          3521749795.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0            2214286992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1            2288274120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2            2387250024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3            2375783592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0          20302161984                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         20926377139.200001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2          21906965184                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         21605504294.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        738355461.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        777006950.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        743153771.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        834200985.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      604051982472.959961                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      605060325095.040039                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      606171321397.439941                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      606474447652.799927                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0      6423208627200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1      6422324116128                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2      6421349557968                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3      6421083657744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        9050202806490.240234                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        9051173166849.599609                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        9052502032984.320312                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        9052300381608.958984                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          78.096651                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          78.105025                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          78.116492                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          78.114752                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        35584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      5881600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        24064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      5886976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total         11832064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        35584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        24064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total        63232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks       123904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total        123904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        22975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           94                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        22996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total             46219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks          484                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total              484                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       281997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     46610666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       190703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     46653270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        28403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total            93767068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       281997                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       190703                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        28403                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total         501103                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks        981918                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total             981918                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks        981918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       281997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     46610666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       190703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     46653270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        28403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total           94748985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                     46219                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                      484                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                  369752                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                   3872                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM             11829824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                  2240                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                123648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys              11832064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys             123904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                   70                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0           44896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1           45536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2           46272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3           44336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4           49320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5           45792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6           48346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7           45184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0             656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1             368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2             440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3             368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4             312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5             520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6             663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7             537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                126162375000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5              369752                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5               3872                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                 45677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                 45720                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                 45750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                 45779                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                 45798                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                 45826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                 45858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                 45874                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                   535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                   490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                  460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                  431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                  412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                  384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                  352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                  336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples        47270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.876497                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.098883                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    23.257757                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63          301      0.64%      0.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95          161      0.34%      0.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127          112      0.24%      1.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::128-159            9      0.02%      1.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191          111      0.23%      1.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223          160      0.34%      1.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255          292      0.62%      2.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287        46124     97.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total        47270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples          162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean  2271.370370                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1442.623429                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  2142.365190                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           13      8.02%      8.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           17     10.49%     18.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            8      4.94%     23.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            7      4.32%     27.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           12      7.41%     35.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           12      7.41%     42.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           10      6.17%     48.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           13      8.02%     56.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           14      8.64%     65.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           10      6.17%     71.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            3      1.85%     73.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            5      3.09%     76.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            4      2.47%     79.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            4      2.47%     81.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            4      2.47%     83.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            2      1.23%     85.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            5      3.09%     88.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      1.85%     90.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      1.23%     91.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.62%     91.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      0.62%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.62%     93.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      0.62%     93.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      0.62%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            2      1.23%     95.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            3      1.85%     97.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::8448-8703            1      0.62%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::9728-9983            1      0.62%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::9984-10239            1      0.62%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15615            1      0.62%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total          162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples          162                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.851852                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.833935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.857718                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      1.23%      1.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.62%      1.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::20              1      0.62%      2.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.62%      3.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24            157     96.91%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total          162                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                10806574392                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat           17072684292                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat               1182982400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   29232.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              46182.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                      93.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       0.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                   93.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    0.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    31.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                 323061                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                  3215                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                  2701376.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE 111529397078                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF   11087676000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT    3569198702                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          2808396057.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          2760448118.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          2945203027.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3            2866325616                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0            1894552896                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1            1862207064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2          1986843312.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3            1933632360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         17149880217.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1          16861321152                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         18026697062.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         17351638886.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        773698314.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        736015196.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        739289825.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        812499932.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      600812776203.839966                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      600576873030.719971                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      602059831761.599976                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      601854123576.959961                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0      6426050036208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1      6426256968816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2      6424956127824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3      6425136573600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        9045894377442.240234                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        9045458870922.240234                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        9047119030357.439453                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        9046359831516.480469                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          78.059473                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          78.055714                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          78.070040                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          78.063489                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1295872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        22016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      6355712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1278976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      6412544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total         15380480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        22016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        12544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total        36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks       130816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total        130816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        24827                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        25049                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total             60080                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks          511                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total              511                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     10269562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       174473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     50367922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     10135664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        99409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     50818306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        16230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         6086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total           121887653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       174473                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        99409                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        16230                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total         290112                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks       1036694                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total            1036694                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks       1036694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     10269562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       174473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     50367922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     10135664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        99409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     50818306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        16230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         6086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total          122924347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                     60080                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                      511                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                  480640                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                   4088                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM             15378016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                  2464                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                130112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys              15380480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys             130816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                   77                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                  14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0           56024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1           58456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2           57720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3           58904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4           61976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5           65825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6           63841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7           57817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1             472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2             431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3             360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4             400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5             576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6             384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7             939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                126317041000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5              480640                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5               4088                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                 59194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                 59275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                 59332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                 59390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                 59433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                 59473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                 59511                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                 59538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                   879                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                   795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                  738                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                  680                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                  637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                  597                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                  559                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                  532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples        61312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.937891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.261285                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.952104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63          360      0.59%      0.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95          231      0.38%      0.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127          139      0.23%      1.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.01%      1.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191          141      0.23%      1.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223          232      0.38%      1.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255          347      0.57%      2.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287        59854     97.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total        61312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples          171                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean  2780.456140                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1582.689703                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  2414.898247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           23     13.45%     13.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           14      8.19%     21.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            5      2.92%     24.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            7      4.09%     28.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            8      4.68%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            8      4.68%     38.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            9      5.26%     43.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            5      2.92%     46.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           10      5.85%     52.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            8      4.68%     56.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            5      2.92%     59.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            6      3.51%     63.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            4      2.34%     65.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            5      2.92%     68.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            2      1.17%     69.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            5      2.92%     72.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            4      2.34%     74.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            6      3.51%     78.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      1.17%     79.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            5      2.92%     82.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            3      1.75%     84.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            3      1.75%     85.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            3      1.75%     87.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            2      1.17%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            3      1.75%     90.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            3      1.75%     92.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            2      1.17%     93.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            2      1.17%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            2      1.17%     95.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.58%     96.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8447            3      1.75%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::8448-8703            1      0.58%     98.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::8704-8959            1      0.58%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::13056-13311            1      0.58%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total          171                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples          171                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.777778                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.727774                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.442130                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.17%      1.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::17              2      1.17%      2.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::19              2      1.17%      3.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      1.17%      4.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::23              2      1.17%      5.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24            158     92.40%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::25              2      1.17%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.58%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total          171                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                14142600818                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat           22288143668                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat               1537801600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   29429.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              46379.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                     121.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       1.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                  121.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    1.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       1.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   1.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    31.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                 419936                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                  3381                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              82.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                  2084749.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE 110487641379                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF   11087676000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT    4610954401                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          3151956326.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          3272964710.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2            3450399120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          3366330710.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0            2126319744                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1            2207952384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2            2327650200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3            2270937384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         19458254899.200001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         20209695667.200001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2          21260358912                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         20695852070.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0           735806592                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        735836866.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        780655242.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        775790991.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      603130111787.520020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      604141171968.959961                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      605665805506.559937                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      605237751630.719971                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0      6424017285696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1      6423130390800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2      6421792992960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3      6422168478816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        9049024772590.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        9050103049942.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        9051682899485.759766                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        9050920179147.839844                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          78.086486                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          78.095790                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          78.109423                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          78.102842                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        19456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      5997568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        15360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      5926144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total         11963136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        19456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        15360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total        38656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       125184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        125184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           76                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        23428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           60                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        23149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total             46731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks          489                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total              489                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       154185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     47529693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       121725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     46963670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        30431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total            94805791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       154185                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       121725                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        30431                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total         306342                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks        992062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total             992062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks        992062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       154185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     47529693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       121725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     46963670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        30431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total           95797852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                     46731                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                      489                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                  373848                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                   3912                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM             11961376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                  1760                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                124928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys              11963136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             125184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                   55                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0           45272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1           45696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2           46168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3           46464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4           49376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5           47041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6           45544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7           48232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0             408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1             464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3             520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5             424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6             593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7             447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                126161099000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5              373848                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5               3912                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                 46181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                 46215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                 46252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                 46280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                 46296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                 46327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                 46373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                 46403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                   544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                   509                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                  472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                  444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                  428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                  397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                  351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                  321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples        47785                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.930920                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.245391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.975837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63          284      0.59%      0.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95          174      0.36%      0.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127          112      0.23%      1.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159            7      0.01%      1.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191          112      0.23%      1.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223          173      0.36%      1.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255          281      0.59%      2.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287        46642     97.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total        47785                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples          164                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean  2272.060976                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1318.820904                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1892.558163                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           27     16.46%     16.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           10      6.10%     22.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            6      3.66%     26.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            6      3.66%     29.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           10      6.10%     35.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            6      3.66%     39.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           10      6.10%     45.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           12      7.32%     53.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           12      7.32%     60.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            5      3.05%     63.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            4      2.44%     65.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            9      5.49%     71.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            4      2.44%     73.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            2      1.22%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            9      5.49%     80.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            7      4.27%     84.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            3      1.83%     86.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            4      2.44%     89.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            4      2.44%     91.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            4      2.44%     93.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      0.61%     94.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            2      1.22%     95.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            2      1.22%     96.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.61%     97.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            2      1.22%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.61%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::9728-9983            1      0.61%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total          164                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples          164                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.804878                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.772359                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.118051                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.22%      1.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.61%      1.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      1.22%      3.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.61%      3.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            158     96.34%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total          164                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                10905471358                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat           17241262708                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat               1196137600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   29175.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              46125.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                      94.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       0.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                   94.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    0.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    31.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                 326661                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                  3251                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                  2671772.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE 111489993322                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF   11087676000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT    3608313674                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          2752216790.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1          2814330355.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          2956586572.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          2873759817.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0            1856654184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1          1898556192.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2            1994522688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3            1938647496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0         16840255411.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         17206084147.200001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         18103741094.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         17424545049.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        736655523.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        739498844.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        741764874.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        803379824.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      600346062921.599976                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      600961443932.159912                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      602121074659.199951                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      601878296355.839966                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0      6426459433824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1      6425919625920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2      6424902405984                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3      6425115369408                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        9045396316200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        9045944576935.679688                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        9047225133417.599609                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        9046439035496.640625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          78.055175                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          78.059906                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          78.070956                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          78.064173                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1299456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        21504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      6468864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1301248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         8704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      6404096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total         15507456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        21504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total        33536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       130816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        130816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5076                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           84                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        25269                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        25016                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total             60576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks          511                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total              511                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     10297965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       170415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     51264632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     10312166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        68978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     50751357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        26374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total           122893916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       170415                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        68978                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        26374                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total         265767                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks       1036694                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total            1036694                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks       1036694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     10297965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       170415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     51264632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     10312166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        68978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     50751357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        26374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total          123930610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                     60576                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                      511                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                  484608                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                   4088                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM             15505472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                  1984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                130816                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys              15507456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             130816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                   62                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0           59936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1           58040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2           58144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3           63736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4           63393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5           63529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6           58200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7           59568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1             463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6             441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7             672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                126182599000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5              484608                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5               4088                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                 59700                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                 59776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                 59824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                 59871                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                 59913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                 59962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                 60032                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                 60072                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                   870                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                   792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                  744                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                  697                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                  655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                  606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                  536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                  496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples        61773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   253.124958                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.623791                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.206410                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63          342      0.55%      0.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95          198      0.32%      0.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127          148      0.24%      1.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159           12      0.02%      1.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191          148      0.24%      1.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223          200      0.32%      1.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255          336      0.54%      2.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287        60389     97.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total        61773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          172                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean  2817.639535                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1625.916322                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  2564.786392                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           19     11.05%     11.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           16      9.30%     20.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            8      4.65%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            6      3.49%     28.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            8      4.65%     33.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            8      4.65%     37.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            7      4.07%     41.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            9      5.23%     47.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            8      4.65%     51.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            5      2.91%     54.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            8      4.65%     59.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071           11      6.40%     65.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            5      2.91%     68.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            2      1.16%     69.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            6      3.49%     73.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            2      1.16%     74.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            2      1.16%     75.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            6      3.49%     79.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            5      2.91%     81.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            2      1.16%     83.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            4      2.33%     85.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            4      2.33%     87.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            3      1.74%     89.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            2      1.16%     90.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      0.58%     91.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            3      1.74%     93.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      0.58%     93.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            3      1.74%     95.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8447            1      0.58%     95.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::8704-8959            2      1.16%     97.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9471            1      0.58%     97.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::9728-9983            1      0.58%     98.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::11520-11775            1      0.58%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12031            1      0.58%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13055            1      0.58%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          172                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          172                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.767442                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.733594                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.151398                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.16%      1.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.58%      1.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::19              2      1.16%      2.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      1.16%      4.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.58%      4.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24            164     95.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          172                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                14228532788                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat           22441587488                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat               1550547200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   29364.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              46314.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                     122.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       1.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                  122.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    1.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   1.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    30.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                 423463                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                  3398                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                  2065621.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE 110451184439                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF   11087676000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT    4647411341                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0            3184483680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          3280017283.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          3398547196.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          3248981971.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0            2148262800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1            2212710072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2            2292670728                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3            2191773552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         19662390758.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         20244742003.200001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         20962779302.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3          19972537728                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        739390602.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        741442636.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        756727142.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        745015034.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      603356999731.199951                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      604228399315.199951                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      605238752897.280029                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      604348764436.799927                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0      6423818261184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1      6423053875584                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2      6422167600512.000977                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3      6422948292144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        9049314826300.800781                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        9050166224439.359375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        9051222115323.841797                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        9049860402411.839844                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          78.088989                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          78.096335                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          78.105447                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          78.093696                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1380608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        25856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      6627584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1402368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        25600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      6631936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total         16098304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        25856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        25600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total        55808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks       123136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total        123136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        25889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        25906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total             62884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks          481                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total              481                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     10941080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       204904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     52522461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     11113525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       202876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     52556950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        34489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total           127576284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       204904                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       202876                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        34489                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         442269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks        975832                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total             975832                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks        975832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     10941080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       204904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     52522461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     11113525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       202876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     52556950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        34489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total          128552116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                     62884                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                      481                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                  503072                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                   3848                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM             16098048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                123136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys              16098304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys             123136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0           66992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1           68424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2           56704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3           60872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4           65968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5           59648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6           63664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7           60792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0             416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1             408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5             336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6             625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7             607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                126186944000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5              503072                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5               3848                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                 61917                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                 61999                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                 62063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                 62126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                 62172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                 62220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                 62280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                 62321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                   966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                   884                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                  820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                  757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                  711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                  663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                  603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                  562                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples        64113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   253.009280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.473736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.526956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63          343      0.53%      0.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95          230      0.36%      0.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127          170      0.27%      1.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159           13      0.02%      1.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191          170      0.27%      1.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223          229      0.36%      1.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255          341      0.53%      2.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287        62617     97.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total        64113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples          162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean  3094.864198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1808.396047                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  2432.078924                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           19     11.73%     11.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           10      6.17%     17.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            5      3.09%     20.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            4      2.47%     23.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            7      4.32%     27.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            8      4.94%     32.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            5      3.09%     35.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            4      2.47%     38.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            8      4.94%     43.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            9      5.56%     48.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           10      6.17%     54.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            6      3.70%     58.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            5      3.09%     61.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            2      1.23%     62.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            7      4.32%     67.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            5      3.09%     70.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            2      1.23%     71.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      1.85%     73.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.62%     74.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            5      3.09%     77.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            5      3.09%     80.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            3      1.85%     82.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            2      1.23%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            2      1.23%     84.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            4      2.47%     87.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            5      3.09%     90.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            2      1.23%     91.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            2      1.23%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            4      2.47%     95.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.62%     95.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            2      1.23%     96.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::8448-8703            2      1.23%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::8704-8959            1      0.62%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9471            1      0.62%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::9472-9727            1      0.62%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total          162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples          162                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.753086                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.721221                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.131490                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.62%      0.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.62%      1.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.62%      1.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::20              4      2.47%      4.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.62%      4.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::23              3      1.85%      6.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            149     91.98%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::25              2      1.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total          162                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                14773770808                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat           23300705608                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat               1609804800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   29367.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              46317.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                     127.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       0.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                  127.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    0.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       1.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    31.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                 439596                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                  3203                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                  1991429.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE 110282348112                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF   11087676000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT    4816323168                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0            3474636480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          3212184124.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          3440323756.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          3437287660.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0            2344000800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1            2166949608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2            2320853328                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3            2318805168                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0          21554203008                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         19810067097.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         21269895628.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3          21132873216                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        742023659.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        736360243.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2           738916992                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3           786464640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      605376080562.239990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      603734912138.880005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      605493442650.239990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      605770745607.359985                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0      6422047137648                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1      6423486759072.000977                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2      6421944188448                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3      6421700940240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        9051943119702.720703                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        9049552269829.441406                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        9051612658348.800781                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        9051552154077.121094                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          78.111669                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          78.091037                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          78.108817                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          78.108295                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1337856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        13824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      6647296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1379328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        18688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      6461440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total         15861504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        13824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        18688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total        34304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       126976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        126976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        25966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           73                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        25240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total             61959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks          496                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total              496                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     10602278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       109553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     52678675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     10930937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       148099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     51205798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        14201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        10144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total           125699685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       109553                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       148099                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        14201                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total         271853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks       1006263                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total            1006263                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks       1006263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     10602278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       109553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     52678675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     10930937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       148099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     51205798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        14201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        10144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total          126705948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                     61959                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                      496                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                  495672                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                   3968                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM             15860736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                   768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                126752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys              15861504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             126976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                   24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0           57760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1           61576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2           59584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3           62136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4           63720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5           59480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6           65328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7           66064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0             729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1             424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3             319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5             464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6             384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7             641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                126364920000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5              495672                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5               3968                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                 61021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                 61100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                 61149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                 61203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                 61248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                 61308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                 61364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                 61415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                   935                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                   856                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                  807                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                  753                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                  708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                  648                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                  592                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                  541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples        63159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   253.130797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.610949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.232835                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63          355      0.56%      0.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95          208      0.33%      0.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127          139      0.22%      1.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159           13      0.02%      1.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191          138      0.22%      1.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223          209      0.33%      1.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255          351      0.56%      2.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287        61746     97.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total        63159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples          167                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean  2947.784431                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1681.854205                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  2573.408831                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           20     11.98%     11.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           15      8.98%     20.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            7      4.19%     25.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            3      1.80%     26.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            7      4.19%     31.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            5      2.99%     34.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            4      2.40%     36.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           10      5.99%     42.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            8      4.79%     47.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            8      4.79%     52.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            5      2.99%     55.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            9      5.39%     60.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            8      4.79%     65.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            4      2.40%     67.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            7      4.19%     71.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            2      1.20%     73.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            4      2.40%     75.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      1.80%     77.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            6      3.59%     80.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            5      2.99%     83.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            4      2.40%     86.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.60%     86.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      0.60%     87.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            2      1.20%     88.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            3      1.80%     90.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            2      1.20%     91.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      0.60%     92.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            2      1.20%     93.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            3      1.80%     95.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8447            1      0.60%     95.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::9472-9727            1      0.60%     96.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::9984-10239            2      1.20%     97.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10495            1      0.60%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::10496-10751            1      0.60%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11519            1      0.60%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12031            1      0.60%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total          167                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples          167                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.718563                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.661007                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.472177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::16              5      2.99%      2.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.60%      3.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::23              2      1.20%      4.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24            157     94.01%     98.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::25              2      1.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total          167                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                14530413024                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat           22931646624                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat               1586073600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   29315.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              46265.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                     125.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       1.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                  125.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    1.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   1.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    31.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                 433158                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                  3292                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                  2023295.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE 110339052452                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF   11087676000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT    4759543328                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          3268265414.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          3259520611.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          3364364505.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          3554725910.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0            2204782224                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1            2198882952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2            2269610976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3            2398029384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         20154692313.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         20115320409.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         20729892019.200001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         21969493478.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        773347461.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        739247938.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        762189834.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3           747864576                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      604021049475.839966                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      604071093104.640015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      605035984106.880005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      606475133732.159912                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0      6423235761408                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1      6423191863488                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2      6422345467872.000977                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3      6421083055920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        9050062935841.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        9049980966048.958984                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        9050912546858.880859                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        9052633340545.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          78.095444                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          78.094737                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          78.102776                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          78.117625                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      5914112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        19968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      5818112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total         11777792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        20992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        19968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total        45312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       110592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        110592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           82                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        23102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           78                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        22727                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total             46007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks          432                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total              432                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       166358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     46868318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       158243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     46107535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        34489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total            93336971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       166358                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       158243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        34489                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total         359090                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks        876423                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total             876423                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks        876423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       166358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     46868318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       158243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     46107535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        34489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total           94213394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                     46007                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                      432                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                  368056                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                   3456                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM             11777088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                   704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                110592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys              11777792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             110592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                   22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0           45784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1           48488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2           46328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3           44832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4           43241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5           45760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6           45249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7           48352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1             344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3             368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4             464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5             384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6             448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7             392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                126186095000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5              368056                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5               3456                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                 45538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                 45567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                 45595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                 45637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                 45659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                 45679                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                 45706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                 45721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                   468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                   437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                  409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                  367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                  345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                  325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                  298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                  283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples        47008                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.886317                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.178942                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    23.104444                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63          282      0.60%      0.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95          165      0.35%      0.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127          121      0.26%      1.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159            9      0.02%      1.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191          121      0.26%      1.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223          164      0.35%      1.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255          278      0.59%      2.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287        45868     97.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total        47008                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          145                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean  2512.517241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1491.321816                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  2017.875526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           19     13.10%     13.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           13      8.97%     22.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            6      4.14%     26.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            3      2.07%     28.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            6      4.14%     32.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            6      4.14%     36.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            6      4.14%     40.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            7      4.83%     45.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            6      4.14%     49.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            4      2.76%     52.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            6      4.14%     56.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071           11      7.59%     64.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            7      4.83%     68.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            9      6.21%     75.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            7      4.83%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            4      2.76%     82.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            4      2.76%     85.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.69%     86.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      1.38%     87.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            2      1.38%     88.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            5      3.45%     92.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.69%     93.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            2      1.38%     94.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            2      1.38%     95.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.69%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1      0.69%     97.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.69%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      0.69%     98.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9471            2      1.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          145                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          145                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.834483                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.805798                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.047575                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.38%      1.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.69%      2.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.69%      2.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            141     97.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          145                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                10786588532                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat           17024764832                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat               1177708800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   29308.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              46258.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                      93.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       0.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                   93.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    0.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    31.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                 321607                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                  2875                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                  2717244.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE 111546500332                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF   11087676000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT    3552019948                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0            2811288816                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          2839960569.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          2789896435.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          2901411273.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0            1896504360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1            1915846416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2          1882072992.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3            1957301256                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0          17202227328                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1         17376234969.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         17013560678.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         17648263027.200001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        749691002.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        737849917.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        742325575.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3           777776256                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      600790272275.520020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      601131748057.920044                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      600972193512                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      602017819168.320068                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0      6426069776496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1      6425770236336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2      6425910196464                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3      6424992980976                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        9045924797823.359375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        9046176913811.519531                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        9045715283202.240234                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        9046700589502.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          78.059735                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          78.061911                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          78.057927                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          78.066430                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1366784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         9728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      6617856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1367296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        10496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      6577664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total         15952896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         9728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        10496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total        23040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       120576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        120576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        25851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        25694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total             62316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks          471                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total              471                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     10831528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        77093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     52445368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     10835585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        83179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     52126853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        22316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total           126423951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        77093                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        83179                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        22316                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total         182588                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks        955544                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total             955544                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks        955544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     10831528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        77093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     52445368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     10835585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        83179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     52126853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        22316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total          127379495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                     62316                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                      471                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                  498528                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                   3768                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM             15951680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                  1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                120320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys              15952896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             120576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                   38                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0           61016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1           61536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2           61352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3           66576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4           62080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5           61616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6           60776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7           63538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0             343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1             464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3             529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4             392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6             432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                126314997000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5              498528                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5               3768                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                 61329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                 61416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                 61486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                 61538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                 61582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                 61642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                 61693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                 61738                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                   984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                   895                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                  825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                  773                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                  729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                  669                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                  618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                  573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples        63474                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   253.206037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.793221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    21.862887                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63          333      0.52%      0.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95          204      0.32%      0.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127          152      0.24%      1.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.01%      1.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191          153      0.24%      1.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223          205      0.32%      1.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255          326      0.51%      2.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287        62093     97.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total        63474                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples          159                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean  3134.100629                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1727.718944                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  2739.939374                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           23     14.47%     14.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           11      6.92%     21.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            6      3.77%     25.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            4      2.52%     27.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            6      3.77%     31.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            4      2.52%     33.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            4      2.52%     36.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            7      4.40%     40.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            2      1.26%     42.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            7      4.40%     46.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            7      4.40%     50.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            9      5.66%     56.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            7      4.40%     61.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            4      2.52%     63.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            5      3.14%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      1.89%     68.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            4      2.52%     71.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            5      3.14%     74.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            3      1.89%     76.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            2      1.26%     77.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            5      3.14%     80.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            6      3.77%     84.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            5      3.14%     87.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            2      1.26%     88.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            4      2.52%     91.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            2      1.26%     92.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      0.63%     93.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1      0.63%     93.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            2      1.26%     94.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::8704-8959            1      0.63%     95.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::8960-9215            1      0.63%     96.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::9472-9727            1      0.63%     96.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::9728-9983            1      0.63%     97.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10495            1      0.63%     98.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::11008-11263            2      1.26%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16127            1      0.63%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total          159                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples          159                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.647799                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.588849                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.505847                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.89%      1.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::17              3      1.89%      3.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.63%      4.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.63%      5.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::23              4      2.52%      7.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            146     91.82%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.63%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total          159                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                14652360814                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat           23101766314                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat               1595168000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   29393.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              46343.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                     126.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       0.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                  126.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    0.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   1.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    30.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                 435647                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                  3129                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                  2011801.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE 110324590228                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF   11087676000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT    4774005552                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0            3252835152                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1            3371935392                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          3342401798.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          3302106393.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0            2194372920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1            2274718320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2            2254794864                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3            2227611456                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         20120197593.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         20862562406.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         20582186227.200001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         20347766899.200001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        739277383.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        739330053.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        769479367.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        738244316.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      603842945342.400024                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      604845488136.959961                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      604889888656.320068                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      604680459730.559937                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0      6423391993104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1      6422512569600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2      6422473621776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3      6422657331360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        9049946659040.640625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        9051011641453.439453                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        9050717410234.560547                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        9050358557700.480469                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          78.094441                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          78.103631                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          78.101092                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          78.097995                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1308928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        14336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      6530304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1309184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        14848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      6572544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total         15752192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        14336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        14848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total        30976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks       134656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total        134656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        25509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        25674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total             61532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks          526                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total              526                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     10373029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       113610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     51751534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     10375058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       117668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     52086278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        14201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total           124833406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       113610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       117668                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        14201                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total         245479                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks       1067126                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total            1067126                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks       1067126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     10373029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       113610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     51751534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     10375058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       117668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     52086278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        14201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total          125900532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                     61532                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                      526                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                  492256                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                   4208                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM             15751200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                   992                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                133664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys              15752192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys             134656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                   31                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                  23                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0           58328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1           56624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2           61008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3           61248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4           61905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5           66896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6           60800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7           65416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1             408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2             640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3             440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4             472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5             632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6             401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7             648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                126315834000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5              492256                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5               4208                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                 60609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                 60680                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                 60726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                 60780                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                 60820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                 60866                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                 60932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                 60962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                   920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                   848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                  802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                  748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                  708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                  662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                  596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                  566                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples        62773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   253.052491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.439866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.581021                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63          369      0.59%      0.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95          218      0.35%      0.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127          133      0.21%      1.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.01%      1.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191          133      0.21%      1.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223          220      0.35%      1.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255          363      0.58%      2.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287        61331     97.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total        62773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples          175                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean  2784.920000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1655.877513                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  2276.655680                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           20     11.43%     11.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           13      7.43%     18.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            6      3.43%     22.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            8      4.57%     26.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            7      4.00%     30.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            7      4.00%     34.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            8      4.57%     39.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            6      3.43%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            9      5.14%     48.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            9      5.14%     53.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            7      4.00%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            9      5.14%     62.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            6      3.43%     65.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            6      3.43%     69.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      1.71%     70.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      1.71%     72.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            4      2.29%     74.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            7      4.00%     78.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            6      3.43%     82.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            5      2.86%     85.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            6      3.43%     88.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            3      1.71%     90.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            3      1.71%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            3      1.71%     93.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            2      1.14%     94.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.57%     95.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.57%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      0.57%     96.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::8448-8703            1      0.57%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::8960-9215            1      0.57%     97.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9471            2      1.14%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::9984-10239            1      0.57%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11007            1      0.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total          175                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples          175                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.868571                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.844539                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.958858                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.14%      1.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.57%      1.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.57%      2.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24            170     97.14%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total          175                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                14396097582                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat           22739311332                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat               1575120000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   29246.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              46196.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                     124.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       1.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                  124.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    1.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       1.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    31.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                 430151                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                  3478                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                  2035448.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE 110371899172                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF   11087676000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT    4726696608                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          3118894329.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1            3276292320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          3555151084.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          3379006713.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0            2104016016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1            2210197200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2            2398316208                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3            2279488656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         19235799897.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1          20169307392                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         21946188825.599998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3          20831967936                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        738179205.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        775066060.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        781952901.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        740905574.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      602911912942.079956                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      604269083799.359985                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      606415209586.559937                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      605226275150.400024                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0      6424208688192.000977                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1      6423018187440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2      6421135620960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3      6422178545904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        9048722528127.361328                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        9050123171757.121094                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        9052637477111.039062                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        9051041227479.359375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          78.083877                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          78.095964                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          78.117661                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          78.103886                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data            8                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total            8                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        23808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      5907712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         9984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      5926400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total         11876608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        23808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total        35840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks       147456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total        147456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           93                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        23077                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        23150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total             46393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks          576                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total              576                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        24345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       188674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     46817599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        24345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        79121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     46965698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        16230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         4058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total            94120071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       188674                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        79121                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        16230                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total         284026                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks       1168563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total            1168563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks       1168563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        24345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       188674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     46817599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        24345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        79121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     46965698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        16230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         4058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total           95288635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                     46393                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                      576                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                  371144                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                   4608                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM             11872896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                  3712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                146944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys              11876608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys             147456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                  116                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0           45592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1           44785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2           50665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3           47472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4           45322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5           47072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6           44368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7           45752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0             600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1             529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2             624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3             664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4             743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5             408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6             584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7             440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                126340875000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5              371144                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5               4608                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                 45884                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                 45918                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                 45952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                 45981                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                 46000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                 46019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                 46044                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                 46071                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                   498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                   460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                  426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                  397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                  378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                  359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                  334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                  307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples        47561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.724711                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   249.850706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    23.720831                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63          317      0.67%      0.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95          144      0.30%      0.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127          141      0.30%      1.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159           14      0.03%      1.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191          142      0.30%      1.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223          145      0.30%      1.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255          308      0.65%      2.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287        46350     97.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total        47561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples          192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean  1926.348958                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1242.403667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1505.750304                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           21     10.94%     10.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           24     12.50%     23.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           10      5.21%     28.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            9      4.69%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           11      5.73%     39.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            8      4.17%     43.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           13      6.77%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           11      5.73%     55.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           13      6.77%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           14      7.29%     69.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            8      4.17%     73.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071           11      5.73%     79.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            7      3.65%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            7      3.65%     86.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839           10      5.21%     92.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            2      1.04%     93.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            3      1.56%     94.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            2      1.04%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.52%     96.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.52%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            2      1.04%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      0.52%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      0.52%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      0.52%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::8704-8959            1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total          192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples          192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.916667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.898415                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.827115                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.04%      1.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::23              2      1.04%      2.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24            186     96.88%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::25              2      1.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total          192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                10851366700                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat           17140291300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat               1187289600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   29246.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              46196.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                      94.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       1.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                   94.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    1.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    30.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                 324244                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                  3815                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              82.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                  2689877.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE 111495762744                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF   11087676000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT    3602833036                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0            2781345168                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1            2915477712                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          2844326620.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          2863164931.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0            1876304280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1            1966790520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2            1918791768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3          1931500152.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         17023719398.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1         17820950284.800003                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         17341105766.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3          17262448320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        742183326.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        768346767.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        760759050.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        855358341.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      600570947730.239990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      601733404252.799927                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      601377911887.680054                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      601968776587.199951                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0      6426262166448                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1      6425242467744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2      6425554303152.000977                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3      6425036000784                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        9045661703896.320312                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        9046852474825.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        9046202235790.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        9046322286660.480469                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          78.057465                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          78.067740                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          78.062129                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          78.063165                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1332224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        14336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      6465536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1317376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      6533632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total         15686656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        14336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        20992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total        36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks       146688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total        146688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        25256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           82                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        25522                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total             61276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks          573                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total              573                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     10557646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker         2029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       113610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     51238258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     10439978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       166358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     51777907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        10144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         8115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total           124314045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       113610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       166358                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10144                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total         290112                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks       1162477                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total            1162477                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks       1162477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     10557646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.itb.walker         2029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       113610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     51238258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     10439978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       166358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     51777907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        10144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         8115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total          125476522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                     61276                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                      573                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                  490208                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                   4584                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM             15676672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                  9984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                145376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys              15686656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys             146688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                  312                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                  41                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0           60337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1           59638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2           58256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3           64928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4           63656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5           58512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6           60776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7           63793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1             705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2             376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3             447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4             472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6             424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7             935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                126368663000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5              490208                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5               4584                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                 60342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                 60405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                 60457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                 60507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                 60550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                 60602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                 60655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                 60697                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                   907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                   831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                  779                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                  729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                  686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                  633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                  579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                  537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                  184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                  184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                  184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                  184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples        62590                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.788752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.005733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    23.438664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63          391      0.62%      0.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95          205      0.33%      0.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127          184      0.29%      1.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159           12      0.02%      1.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191          187      0.30%      1.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223          205      0.33%      1.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255          375      0.60%      2.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287        61031     97.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total        62590                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples          192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean  2557.375000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1621.298057                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  2145.072658                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           19      9.90%      9.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           11      5.73%     15.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           10      5.21%     20.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            6      3.12%     23.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           11      5.73%     29.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           10      5.21%     34.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           10      5.21%     40.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           11      5.73%     45.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           16      8.33%     54.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            6      3.12%     57.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           10      5.21%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071           10      5.21%     67.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            8      4.17%     71.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            7      3.65%     75.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            5      2.60%     78.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            5      2.60%     80.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            7      3.65%     84.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            6      3.12%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            5      2.60%     90.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.52%     90.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            3      1.56%     92.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            2      1.04%     93.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            2      1.04%     94.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            3      1.56%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      0.52%     96.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.52%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.52%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      0.52%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::8960-9215            1      0.52%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::9472-9727            1      0.52%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::12544-12799            1      0.52%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::14080-14335            1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total          192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples          192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.661458                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.605632                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.470468                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::16              4      2.08%      2.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.52%      2.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      1.04%      3.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.52%      4.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      1.04%      5.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      1.04%      6.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::23              3      1.56%      7.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24            173     90.10%     97.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::25              4      2.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total          192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                14398272640                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat           22702009840                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat               1567667200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   29390.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              46340.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                     124.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       1.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                  124.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    1.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    30.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                 428069                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                  3780                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                  2043180.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE 110384235318                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF   11087676000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT    4714360462                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0            3198769056                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          3341094825.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          3336077404.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          3361775961.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0            2157899760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1            2253913176                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2            2250528408                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3            2267864736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0         19694389977.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1          20651809152                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         20579388211.200001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         20719905523.200001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        778851210.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        738344678.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        740738027.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        743038894.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      603542407671.359985                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      604646049113.280029                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      604788947164.799927                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      605119665432.959961                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0      6423655622640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1      6422687516112.000977                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2      6422562166944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3      6422272063200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        9049432977860.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        9050723764602.242188                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        9050662883705.279297                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        9050889351292.800781                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          78.090008                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          78.101147                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          78.100621                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          78.102576                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        22272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      6007808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        28416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      6010880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total         12074752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        22272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        28416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total        54272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks       133376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total        133376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           87                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        23468                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        23480                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total             47167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks          521                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total              521                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       176502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     47610843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       225192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     47635188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        28403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        14201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total            95690328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       176502                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       225192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        28403                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total         430096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks       1056982                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total            1056982                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks       1056982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       176502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     47610843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       225192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     47635188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        28403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        14201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total           96747310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                     47167                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                      521                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                  377336                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                   4168                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM             12073728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                  1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                132864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys              12074752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys             133376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                   32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0           47576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1           47496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2           48328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3           45784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4           46088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5           46280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6           49432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7           46320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0             664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2             481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4             392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5             311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6             632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7             584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                126186832000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5              377336                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5               4168                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                 46599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                 46642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                 46683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                 46710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                 46739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                 46774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                 46802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                 46825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                   564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                   521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                  480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                  453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                  424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                  389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                  361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                  338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                  171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples        48272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.871064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.155795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    23.136839                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63          294      0.61%      0.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95          157      0.33%      0.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127          134      0.28%      1.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159           10      0.02%      1.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191          134      0.28%      1.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223          157      0.33%      1.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255          294      0.61%      2.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287        47092     97.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total        48272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples          174                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean  2162.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1419.766816                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1644.968834                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           17      9.77%      9.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           19     10.92%     20.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            6      3.45%     24.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            7      4.02%     28.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           10      5.75%     33.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           10      5.75%     39.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           10      5.75%     45.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           11      6.32%     51.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           12      6.90%     58.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           11      6.32%     64.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           10      5.75%     70.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            9      5.17%     75.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            6      3.45%     79.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            6      3.45%     82.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      1.72%     84.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            6      3.45%     87.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            4      2.30%     90.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            4      2.30%     92.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.57%     93.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            4      2.30%     95.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            2      1.15%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            2      1.15%     97.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            2      1.15%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8447            1      0.57%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::8960-9215            1      0.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total          174                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples          174                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.862069                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.844747                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.835241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.57%      0.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.57%      1.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.57%      1.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.57%      2.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.57%      2.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.57%      3.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24            168     96.55%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total          174                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                11042587264                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat           17437890064                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat               1207372800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   29267.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              46217.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                      95.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       1.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                   95.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    1.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    31.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                 329730                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                  3454                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              82.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                  2646091.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE 111447408760                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF   11087676000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT    3651187020                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          2851038691.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          2867118508.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          2901029644.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          2937836563.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0          1923319752.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1            1934167248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2            1957043808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3          1981873872.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         17433350937.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         17561619878.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2          17743432512                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         17814065817.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        768731627.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        733995095.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        738324357.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        819238302.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      601108179442.559937                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      601329662254.079956                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      601722372044.159912                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      602372243727.359985                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0      6425790910560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1      6425596627392.000977                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2      6425252145120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3      6424682082240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        9046280568555.839844                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        9046428227921.281250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        9046719385031.039062                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        9047012378067.839844                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          78.062805                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          78.064079                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          78.066592                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          78.069120                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      6011136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      5900288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total         11940864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        20992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total        28928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       119552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        119552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           82                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        23481                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        23048                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total             46644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks          467                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total              467                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       166358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     47637217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        40575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     46758765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        22316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         4058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total            94629289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       166358                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        40575                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        22316                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total         229249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks        947429                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total             947429                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks        947429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       166358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     47637217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        40575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     46758765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        22316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         4058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total           95576718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                     46644                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                      467                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                  373152                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                   3736                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM             11939392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                  1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                119552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys              11940864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             119552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                   46                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0           45312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1           46808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2           49024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3           46464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4           47648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5           44840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6           45969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7           47041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2             472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3             399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4             432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5             432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6             553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7             464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                126371801000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5              373152                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5               3736                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                 46123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                 46172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                 46199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                 46228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                 46250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                 46282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                 46304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                 46324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                   517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                   466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                  439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                  410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                  388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                  356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                  334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                  314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples        47681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.908790                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.160627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    23.134765                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63          298      0.62%      0.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95          169      0.35%      0.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127          107      0.22%      1.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.01%      1.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191          106      0.22%      1.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223          169      0.35%      1.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255          295      0.62%      2.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287        46532     97.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total        47681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples          156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean  2381.903846                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1474.708183                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  2037.888451                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           17     10.90%     10.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           14      8.97%     19.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           10      6.41%     26.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            8      5.13%     31.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            5      3.21%     34.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            7      4.49%     39.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           10      6.41%     45.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            4      2.56%     48.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           15      9.62%     57.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            5      3.21%     60.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           11      7.05%     67.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            6      3.85%     71.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            5      3.21%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            3      1.92%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            6      3.85%     80.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            4      2.56%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            3      1.92%     85.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            2      1.28%     86.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            3      1.92%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            3      1.92%     90.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            3      1.92%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.64%     92.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      0.64%     93.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            2      1.28%     94.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      0.64%     95.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      0.64%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.64%     96.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            2      1.28%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1      0.64%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::10496-10751            1      0.64%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11519            1      0.64%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total          156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples          156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.948718                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.937702                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.640513                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.64%      0.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            155     99.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total          156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                10936663936                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat           17260810636                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat               1193939200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   29312.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              46262.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                      94.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       0.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                   94.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    0.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    30.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                 326048                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                  3113                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                  2682426.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE 111499059076                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF   11087676000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT    3599536704                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          2807805772.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1          2896678108.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2          2809898985.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          2908998489.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0            1894154688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1            1954108248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2            1895566776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3            1962419616                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0          17199489216                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         17755182681.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         17140527206.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         17692982860.800003                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        737989263.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        733832110.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        741247303.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        779441771.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      600749294328                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      601516708346.880005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      601099729689.599976                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      602062275064.320068                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0      6426105722064                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1      6425432551872.000977                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2      6425798322624                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3      6424953984576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        9045899492877.119141                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        9046694098912.320312                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        9045890330130.240234                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        9046765139923.199219                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          78.059517                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          78.066374                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          78.059438                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          78.066987                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        22272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      5951488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      5982208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total         11968768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        22272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        10240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total        34560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       123648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        123648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           87                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        23248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        23368                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total             46753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks          483                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total              483                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       176502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     47164516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        81150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     47407967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        16230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         4058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total            94850423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       176502                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        81150                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        16230                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total         273882                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks        979889                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total             979889                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks        979889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       176502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     47164516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        81150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     47407967                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        16230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         4058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total           95830312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                     46753                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                      483                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                  374024                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                   3864                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM             11968512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                123136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys              11968768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             123648                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0           47136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1           46504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2           48784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3           46528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4           48560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5           46784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6           44792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7           44928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1             464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6             368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                126165299000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5              374024                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5               3864                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                 46222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                 46265                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                 46294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                 46331                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                 46343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                 46369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                 46397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                 46419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                   530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                   487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                  458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                  421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                  409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                  383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                  355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                  333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples        47800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.963347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   250.289115                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.881644                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63          287      0.60%      0.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95          166      0.35%      0.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127          113      0.24%      1.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.00%      1.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191          114      0.24%      1.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223          166      0.35%      1.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255          284      0.59%      2.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287        46668     97.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total        47800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          161                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean  2314.385093                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1423.026264                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1912.934467                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           18     11.18%     11.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           15      9.32%     20.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           13      8.07%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            3      1.86%     30.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            9      5.59%     36.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            8      4.97%     40.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           14      8.70%     49.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            4      2.48%     52.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            6      3.73%     55.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            5      3.11%     59.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           12      7.45%     66.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            8      4.97%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            6      3.73%     75.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            5      3.11%     78.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            7      4.35%     82.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            4      2.48%     85.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.62%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            2      1.24%     86.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      1.24%     88.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            2      1.24%     89.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            3      1.86%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.62%     91.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            4      2.48%     94.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      0.62%     95.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      0.62%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            2      1.24%     96.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      0.62%     97.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      0.62%     98.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1      0.62%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8447            1      0.62%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::8448-8703            1      0.62%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          161                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          161                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.900621                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.879420                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.888854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.24%      1.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            159     98.76%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          161                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                10908348380                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat           17247919580                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat               1196851200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   29165.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              46115.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                      94.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       0.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                   94.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    0.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    31.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                 326862                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                  3202                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              82.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                  2670956.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE 111486288328                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF   11087676000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT    3612307452                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          2841844521.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          2899525507.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          2850511305.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3            2796356304                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0            1917117336                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1          1956029112.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2            1922963976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3            1886430840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0          17423090880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         17705829772.800003                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         17405085235.200001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         16952088691.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        737030430.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        774846673.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        742146416.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        779982151.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      1996405037544.959961                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      600976212312.959961                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      601633134996.479980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      601395738788.159912                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      601298654181.119995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0      6425906671200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1      6425330423232.000977                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2      6425538665520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3      6425623827456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        9046207004226.240234                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        9046704826839.359375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        9046260148786.560547                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        9045742377168.960938                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          78.062170                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          78.066466                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          78.062629                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          78.058161                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              865064                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             865064                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 31                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                31                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              8037                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              138                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             88                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              27                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               614                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      1739509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1739707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1739707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave    223653121                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    223653517                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               223653517                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    432532000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  14272486500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        31000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        15500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    132610500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        69000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        44000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        13500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       307000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     10114500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         3041                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        55786                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           39                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            6                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           53                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      5853967                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    452557500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        14000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback         4990                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         4000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       430500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                          3091                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                        55841                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime             5862957                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime          453002000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                              200                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            873872                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  873872    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              873872                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               64500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                  99                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy           565429000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded              873673                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy        14282630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization             11.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded             865735                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq             864995                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp            864995                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback             8037                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              25                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             27                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq              613                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp             613                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port        23468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port        22938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port        23487                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port        23249                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port        23395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port        23607                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port        23297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port        23589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port        31747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        31040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        30777                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        30919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port        30279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port        30403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port        30995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port        31582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total       434772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port        23114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port        23239                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port        23581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port        23589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port        23602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port        23526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port        23285                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port        23650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port        31626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        31455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        30548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        31211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port        30837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port        30352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port        30641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port        30638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total       434895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port        23162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port        23115                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port        23640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port        23579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port        23627                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port        23101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port        23023                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port        23693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port        31287                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        31388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        31272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        31133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port        30367                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port        29879                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port        30780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port        31756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total       434803                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port        23624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port        23156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port        23243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port        23340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port        23365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port        23712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port        23319                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port        23933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port        31589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        31345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        30528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        31155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port        30184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port        30043                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port        31176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port        31127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total       434839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total               1739309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      3025152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      2951936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      3022848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      2991360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      3010304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      3040000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      2997760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      3035136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      4078592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      3989248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      3959296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      3973120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      3891200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      3906816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      3983104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      4057088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total     55912960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      2974720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      2988288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      3032320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      3033344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      3035904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      3026432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      2993920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      3044352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      4063744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      4042496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      3928064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      4009728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      3962880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      3902720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      3938304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      3936512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total     55913728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      2983680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      2970624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      3042560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      3033600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      3040256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      2972160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      2962944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      3049216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      4020736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      4035328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      4022016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      4000256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      3902976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      3838976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      3957504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      4079872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total     55912705                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      3040512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      2977536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      2990592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      3002112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      3005952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      3049216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      3001344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      3079424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      4058368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      4027392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      3923968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      4005376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      3881216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      3862784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      4007936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      4000000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total     55913728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total              223653121                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1210868200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   8527274801                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     75547800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        35000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        37773                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       855800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      6018078                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          312                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            6                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       208800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         2400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                          318                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime             211200                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy           70354800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded              46972                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy           68468800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded              46440                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy           70011200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded              47220                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy           69685200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded              47112                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy           69990800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded              47236                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy           70057200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded              47220                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy           69252000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded              46704                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy           70932600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded              47693                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy           92549400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded              63365                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy           92191800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded              62875                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy          91163800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded             61849                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy          91403000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded             62457                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy          89601400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded             61089                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy          88909600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded             60594                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy          91077800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded             62059                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy          91660200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded             62787                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy        2132744373                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            216354                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy        2133950433                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            216477                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy        2133085511                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            216384                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy        2133551835                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            216421                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.iocache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq       864995                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp       864995                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback         8037                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           25                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           27                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq          613                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp          613                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       434772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       434895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       434803                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       434839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      1739309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave     55912960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave     55913728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave     55912705                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave     55913728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total    223653121                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    691996000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   3459980000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     32148000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        20000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        21600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       490400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      2452000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        18284                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           20                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     59158700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        56500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                 18304                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime     59215200                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    181339200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       218418                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    180948800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       218418                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy    181244100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       218419                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    181124800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       218418                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   3462454400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded       865636                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            3683236                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           3683236                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                31                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp               31                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            32767                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             165                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           119                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            284                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2776                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2776                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1191978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      2499107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1193330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           35                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      2490726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7386389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       599808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    153478076                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      4997684                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       677632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    153636792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      4980844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       103168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        38681                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              318512825                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1842960809                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  40514996887                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        31000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        15500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   1064929496                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        82500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        59999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        42500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      1400475                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     87686996                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        30297                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        33586                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          373                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           30                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           14                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    250608976                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    155329912                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      2099000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        24500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        85500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        80000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       312500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        39500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        30710                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                       33605                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime          253130476                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime         155449412                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                           19032                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3718994                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47               3718994    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            3718994                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2909464279                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            3719094                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          76235324                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              2343                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       19248191702                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            15.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            592386                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                18                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy        1250980904                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded           1249686                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          86133288                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded              2647                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       19269593712                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            15.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            593090                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy             19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                19                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy        1246785454                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded           1245515                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         13097999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              403                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          5742499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              216                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples        12617                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0        12617    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total        12617                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        12617                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0        12617    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total        12617                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        12617                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        12617    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total        12617                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        12617                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0        12617    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total        12617                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples        12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0            12617    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total        12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples        12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0           12617    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total        12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                    865735                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16381.915505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    44089398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    865735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     50.927129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      120.581930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker  1473.153367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst    19.795309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  6388.537796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker  1472.621744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    16.779598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data  6327.497831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker   287.593696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst    11.770110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   263.584033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.007360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.089914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.001208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.389925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.089882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.001024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.386200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.017553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.000718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.016088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          3186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         13180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2          533                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3         1840                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          789                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.194458                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.804443                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  30468502                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 30468502                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1207621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst          894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       191735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1203424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       193317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           52                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 2798712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            32767                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 32767                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   28                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          726                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1351                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2084                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1207621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst           894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data        192461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1203424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst          1413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data        194668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data            59                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2800796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1207621                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst          894                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data       192461                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1203424                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           16                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1413                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data       194668                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          222                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data           59                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2800796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        41800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       390676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        41787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       388541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                865700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          305                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          305                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 614                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        41800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data       390981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        41787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data       388846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 866314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        41800                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1449                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data       390981                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        41787                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1234                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data       388846                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          181                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                866314                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker   5443330933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    184881000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  50826925455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker   5448362932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    154639500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  50573946446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     24246500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3969999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    112660426765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       131000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       131000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       262000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     38245500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     39128500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       498000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      77872000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker   5443330933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    184881000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  50865170955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker   5448362932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    154639500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  50613074946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     24246500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4467999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     112738298765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker   5443330933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    184881000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  50865170955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker   5448362932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    154639500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  50613074946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     24246500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4467999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    112738298765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1249421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       582411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1245211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         2647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       581858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           83                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             3664412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        32767                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             32767                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               52                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1031                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1656                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2698                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1249421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data       583442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1245211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         2647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data       583514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data           94                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              3667110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1249421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data       583442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1245211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         2647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data       583514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data           94                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             3667110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.033455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.062500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.618438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.670791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.033558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.466188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.667759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.449132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.373494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.236245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.470588                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.909091                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.461538                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.060606                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.295829                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.184179                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.363636                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.227576                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.033455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.062500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.618438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.670128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.033558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.466188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.666387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.449132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.372340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.236239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.033455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.062500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.618438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.670128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.033558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.466188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.666387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.449132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.372340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.236239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 130223.228062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 127592.132505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 130099.943316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 130384.160911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 125315.640194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 130163.731616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 133958.563536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 128064.483871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130137.953985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        16375                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 21833.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10916.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        32750                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 125395.081967                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 128290.163934                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126827.361564                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 130223.228062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 127592.132505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 130096.273105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 130384.160911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 125315.640194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 130162.262042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 133958.563536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 127657.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130135.607603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 130223.228062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 127592.132505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 130096.273105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 130384.160911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 125315.640194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 130162.262042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 133958.563536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 127657.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130135.607603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8037                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8037                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          171                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           49                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          209                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          134                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                705                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        41765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       390569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        41738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       388407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           864995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            24                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          305                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          305                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            614                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        41765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       390874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        41738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       388712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            865609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        41765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       390874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        41738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       388712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           865609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker   4979650933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    152516000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  46518445455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker   4983625932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    122714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  46286601946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     22255500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3628999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 103069551765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       434500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       327000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       541500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1303000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       108999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     34890500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     35773500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       454000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71118000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker   4979650933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    152516000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  46553335955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker   4983625932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    122714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  46322375446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     22255500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4082999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 103140669765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker   4979650933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    152516000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  46553335955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker   4983625932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    122714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  46322375446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     22255500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4082999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 103140669765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       666500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       659000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        80000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1405500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       280500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       293500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        70500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       644500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       947000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       952500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2050000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.033427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.545455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.670607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.033519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.387231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.667529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.449132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.373494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.236053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.470588                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.909091                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461538                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.037037                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060606                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.295829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.184179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.363636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.033427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.545455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.669945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.033519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.387231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.666157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.449132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.372340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.236047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.033427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.545455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.669945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.033519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.387231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.666157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.449132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.372340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.236047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 119230.239028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 119339.593114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 119104.295157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 119402.605108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 119720.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 119170.359818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 122958.563536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 117064.483871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119156.239938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54312.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54150                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54291.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54499                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54499.500000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 114395.081967                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 117290.163934                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115827.361564                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 119230.239028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 119339.593114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 119100.620545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 119402.605108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 119720.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 119168.884537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 122958.563536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 116657.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119153.878674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 119230.239028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 119339.593114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 119100.620545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 119402.605108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 119720.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 119168.884537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 122958.563536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 116657.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119153.878674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                       3091                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.l2.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss              17                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples       216346                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271       216346    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total        216346                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2064                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2064    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2064                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples         12617                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     438917143.536498                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    54014220.031281                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07            3      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08            7      0.06%      0.08% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08            9      0.07%      0.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08           64      0.51%      0.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08          488      3.87%      4.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08         1822     14.44%     18.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08         7032     55.73%     74.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08         2740     21.72%     96.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08          436      3.46%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08           13      0.10%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total           12617                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        438913217.669418      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                  55384576                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples        12617                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    4187873.504003                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   11309782.553534                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06        10829     85.83%     85.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     85.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     85.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07         1579     12.51%     98.34% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     98.34% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.34% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07          160      1.27%     99.61% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.61% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.61% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07           37      0.29%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            7      0.06%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            4      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total          12617                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       4187352.117764      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                 528384                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples          216346                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       99982.815028                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      98750.414887                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      19172.112548                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           27      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            7      0.00%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303       194027     89.68%     89.70% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         4597      2.12%     91.82% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         4076      1.88%     93.71% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         3988      1.84%     95.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         4017      1.86%     97.41% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         3457      1.60%     99.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607          154      0.07%     99.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991           63      0.03%     99.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375         1775      0.82%     99.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759           70      0.03%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           61      0.03%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            8      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911           12      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            7      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total            216346                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples              216346                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           583259.228273                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          327589.362081                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows            216346    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value            142000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          30984000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                216346                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              2064                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         64765672.480620                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        184780843.945325                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2064    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          182000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value      7808861000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                2064                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                218410                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             577747.360469                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            322930.428283                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows              218410    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value              142000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            30984000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                  218410                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples        12617                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.166838                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.372846                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0            10512     83.32%     83.32% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1             2105     16.68%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total        12617                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples        12617                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0           12617    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total        12617                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples             12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean            17.145201                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            2.111470                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-1                     3      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2-3                     1      0.01%      0.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4-5                     6      0.05%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6-7                     9      0.07%      0.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-9                    37      0.29%      0.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10-11                  73      0.58%      1.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12-13                 440      3.49%      4.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14-15                1823     14.45%     18.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-17                4477     35.48%     54.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18-19                4367     34.61%     89.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::20-21                1265     10.03%     99.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::22-23                 102      0.81%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-25                  11      0.09%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::28-29                   2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::30-31                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total               12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples            12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.163589                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.441788                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                  10829     85.83%     85.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   1579     12.51%     98.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    160      1.27%     99.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                     37      0.29%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                      7      0.06%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                      4      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                      1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total              12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples       216471                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271       216471    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total        216471                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         1942                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         1942    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         1942                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples         12617                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     439174827.613537                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    54133745.692839                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07            3      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08            6      0.05%      0.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08           13      0.10%      0.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08           56      0.44%      0.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08          493      3.91%      4.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08         1819     14.42%     18.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08         6984     55.35%     74.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08         2785     22.07%     96.37% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08          445      3.53%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08           10      0.08%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total           12617                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        439166812.153294      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                  55416576                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples        12617                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    3940334.469367                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   11149580.366191                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06        10946     86.76%     86.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     86.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     86.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07         1477     11.71%     98.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     98.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07          138      1.09%     99.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07           40      0.32%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08           12      0.10%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            3      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total          12617                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       3939843.901500      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                 497152                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples          216471                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       100064.515339                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      98808.999559                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      19390.434855                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           14      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           10      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303       193917     89.58%     89.59% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         4689      2.17%     91.76% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         4003      1.85%     93.61% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         4132      1.91%     95.52% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         3899      1.80%     97.32% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         3569      1.65%     98.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607          166      0.08%     99.04% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991           64      0.03%     99.07% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375         1833      0.85%     99.92% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759           71      0.03%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           74      0.03%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527           10      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911           10      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295           10      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total            216471                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples              216471                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           582926.927856                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          327758.331334                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows            216471    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value            142000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          31087000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                216471                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              1942                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         64871147.270855                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        78905973.447895                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1942    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          189000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value       758741000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                1942                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                218413                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             577737.808647                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            323645.356117                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows              218413    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value              142000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            31087000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                  218413                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples        12617                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.173813                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.378964                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0            10424     82.62%     82.62% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1             2193     17.38%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total        12617                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples        12617                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0           12617    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total        12617                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples             12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean            17.155267                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            2.111486                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-1                     3      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2-3                     1      0.01%      0.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4-5                     6      0.05%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6-7                    11      0.09%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-9                    33      0.26%      0.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10-11                  73      0.58%      1.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12-13                 440      3.49%      4.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14-15                1806     14.31%     18.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-17                4531     35.91%     54.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18-19                4298     34.07%     88.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::20-21                1293     10.25%     99.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::22-23                 109      0.86%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-25                  10      0.08%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::26-27                   1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::28-29                   2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total               12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples            12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.153919                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.435530                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                  10946     86.76%     86.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   1477     11.71%     98.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    138      1.09%     99.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                     40      0.32%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                     12      0.10%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                      3      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                      1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total              12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples       216375                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271       216375    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total        216375                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2035                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.874693                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.303374                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     5.652727                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.05%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2034     99.95%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2035                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples         12617                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     438980042.799398                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    54215768.091320                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07            4      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08            6      0.05%      0.08% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08           10      0.08%      0.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08           63      0.50%      0.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08          498      3.95%      4.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08         1794     14.22%     18.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08         6997     55.46%     74.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08         2775     21.99%     96.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08          456      3.61%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08           12      0.10%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total           12617                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        438972051.589677      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                  55392000                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples        12617                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    4127003.249584                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   11432541.559037                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06        10885     86.27%     86.27% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     86.27% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     86.27% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07         1508     11.95%     98.22% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     98.22% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.22% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07          167      1.32%     99.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07           40      0.32%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08           13      0.10%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            4      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total          12617                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       4126497.366461      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                 520705                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples          216375                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       100004.696476                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      98761.121031                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      19273.411464                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           30      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            8      0.00%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303       194006     89.66%     89.68% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         4644      2.15%     91.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         4083      1.89%     93.71% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         3862      1.78%     95.50% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         4025      1.86%     97.36% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         3510      1.62%     98.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607          179      0.08%     99.06% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991           62      0.03%     99.09% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375         1811      0.84%     99.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759           62      0.03%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           69      0.03%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527           11      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            7      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total            216375                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples              216375                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           583182.548816                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          327206.139915                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows            216375    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            142000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          31162000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                216375                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              2035                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         62117240.786241                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        77097293.052771                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2035    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          204000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value       689850000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                2035                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                218410                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             577752.245776                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            322712.371595                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows              218410    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value              130000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            31162000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                  218410                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples        12617                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.173258                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.378485                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0            10431     82.67%     82.67% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1             2186     17.33%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total        12617                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples        12617                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0           12617    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total        12617                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples             12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean            17.147658                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            2.111581                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-1                     3      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2-3                     1      0.01%      0.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-5                     7      0.06%      0.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6-7                    11      0.09%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-9                    38      0.30%      0.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10-11                  65      0.52%      0.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-13                 465      3.69%      4.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14-15                1769     14.02%     18.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-17                4554     36.09%     54.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18-19                4321     34.25%     89.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-21                1267     10.04%     99.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::22-23                 102      0.81%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-25                  10      0.08%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::26-27                   2      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-29                   2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total               12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples            12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.161211                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.446584                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                  10885     86.27%     86.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   1508     11.95%     98.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    167      1.32%     99.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                     40      0.32%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                     13      0.10%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                      4      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total              12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples       216416                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271       216416    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total        216416                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         1997                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         1997    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         1997                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples         12617                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     439059174.130142                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    54027338.030338                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07            3      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08            7      0.06%      0.08% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08            9      0.07%      0.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08           68      0.54%      0.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08          472      3.74%      4.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08         1850     14.66%     19.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08         6993     55.43%     74.52% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08         2763     21.90%     96.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08          439      3.48%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08           10      0.08%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total           12617                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        439055230.580388      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                  55402496                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples        12617                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    4051929.935801                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   11297294.218120                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06        10905     86.43%     86.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     86.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     86.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07         1500     11.89%     98.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     98.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07          161      1.28%     99.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07           36      0.29%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            9      0.07%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            5      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total          12617                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       4051425.474406      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                 511232                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples          216416                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       100005.976915                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      98760.699773                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      19309.491775                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           20      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            7      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303       194155     89.71%     89.73% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         4628      2.14%     91.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         4005      1.85%     93.72% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         3943      1.82%     95.54% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         3934      1.82%     97.36% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         3469      1.60%     98.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607          193      0.09%     99.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991           66      0.03%     99.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375         1842      0.85%     99.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759           62      0.03%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           62      0.03%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527           11      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911           12      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            7      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total            216416                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples              216416                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           583071.113042                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          327368.944762                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows            216416    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value            130000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          31217000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                216416                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              1997                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         63176350.525789                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        78536206.148360                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1997    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          142000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value       669957000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                1997                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                218413                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             577739.960533                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            322992.632586                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows              218413    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value              130000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            31217000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                  218413                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples        12617                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.174289                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.379373                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0            10418     82.57%     82.57% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1             2199     17.43%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total        12617                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples        12617                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0           12617    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total        12617                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples             12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean            17.150749                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            2.114345                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-1                     3      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2-3                     1      0.01%      0.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4-5                     6      0.05%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6-7                    10      0.08%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-9                    34      0.27%      0.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10-11                  67      0.53%      0.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12-13                 443      3.51%      4.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14-15                1823     14.45%     18.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-17                4539     35.98%     54.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18-19                4258     33.75%     88.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::20-21                1314     10.41%     99.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::22-23                 107      0.85%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-25                   9      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::28-29                   3      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total               12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples            12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.158279                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.441301                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                  10905     86.43%     86.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   1500     11.89%     98.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    161      1.28%     99.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                     36      0.29%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                      9      0.07%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                      5      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                      1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total              12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       865609                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271       865609    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total         865609                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         8038                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.968276                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.823454                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      2.844240                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         8037     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          8038                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples          12617                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      1756131188.079575                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     209657660.474290                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-2.68435e+08            3      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            5      0.04%      0.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08           14      0.11%      0.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09           53      0.42%      0.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09          320      2.54%      3.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09         2113     16.75%     19.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09         6674     52.90%     72.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09         3202     25.38%     98.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09          222      1.76%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            8      0.06%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total            12617                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         1756107311.992776      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                  221595648                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         12617                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     16307141.158754                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    28679190.938942                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        11074     87.77%     87.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1055      8.36%     96.13% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          238      1.89%     98.02% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          118      0.94%     98.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           41      0.32%     99.28% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           28      0.22%     99.50% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           39      0.31%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08           10      0.08%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            6      0.05%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            7      0.06%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total           12617                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        16305118.860131      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                 2057473                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples           865608                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        109146.916387                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       107915.722484                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       19757.806585                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-32767                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-65535           91      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-98303           33      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-131071       800856     92.52%     92.53% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-163839        31757      3.67%     96.20% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-196607        23648      2.73%     98.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-229375         1393      0.16%     99.10% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-262143         7492      0.87%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-294911          276      0.03%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-327679           61      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total             865608                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20500                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples               865609                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            145777.104328                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           142030.399260                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                 12651      1.46%      1.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000             14164      1.64%      3.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            12088      1.40%      4.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            22738      2.63%      7.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            13722      1.59%      8.71% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            20462      2.36%     11.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            13510      1.56%     12.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            15261      1.76%     14.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            13814      1.60%     15.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            14372      1.66%     17.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            15437      1.78%     19.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            12449      1.44%     20.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            18001      2.08%     22.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            12878      1.49%     24.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            14518      1.68%     26.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            13763      1.59%     27.71% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            14801      1.71%     29.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            13730      1.59%     31.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            15514      1.79%     32.79% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           16755      1.94%     34.73% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows             564981     65.27%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           30484000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                 865609                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples               8038                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          15698645.185369                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         19336310.580694                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             21      0.26%      0.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              5      0.06%      0.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000              7      0.09%      0.41% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              4      0.05%      0.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000              3      0.04%      0.50% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000              0      0.00%      0.50% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              2      0.02%      0.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              4      0.05%      0.57% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000              3      0.04%      0.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              0      0.00%      0.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000              3      0.04%      0.65% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              0      0.00%      0.65% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              2      0.02%      0.67% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              0      0.00%      0.67% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000              5      0.06%      0.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000              2      0.02%      0.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000             3      0.04%      0.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows             7974     99.20%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value        205942000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                 8038                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                 873647                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              144435.578672                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             141524.587274                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                   12819      1.47%      1.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000               14294      1.64%      3.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000              12190      1.40%      4.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000              23997      2.75%      7.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000              13958      1.60%      8.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000              21084      2.41%     11.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000              13715      1.57%     12.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000              15556      1.78%     14.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000              14070      1.61%     16.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000              14650      1.68%     17.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000              15705      1.80%     19.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000              12874      1.47%     21.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000              18307      2.10%     23.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000              13207      1.51%     24.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000              14843      1.70%     26.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000              14947      1.71%     28.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000              14966      1.71%     29.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000              14106      1.61%     31.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000              17126      1.96%     33.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000             16944      1.94%     35.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows               564289     64.59%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             30484000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                   873647                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        12617                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.754220                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.689101                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              4926     39.04%     39.04% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1              5867     46.50%     85.54% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2              1823     14.45%     99.99% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total         12617                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        12617                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0            12617    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total        12617                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples              12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean             68.598954                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             8.189713                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-7                      3      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-15                     1      0.01%      0.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-23                    6      0.05%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-31                   12      0.10%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-39                   41      0.32%      0.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-47                   84      0.67%      1.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-55                  587      4.65%      5.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-63                 2191     17.37%     23.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-71                 4960     39.31%     62.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-79                 3868     30.66%     93.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-87                  804      6.37%     99.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::88-95                   52      0.41%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-103                   5      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::104-111                  1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-119                  2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::120-127                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-135                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::136-143                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-151                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::152-159                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples             12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.636998                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            1.120281                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0                    7414     58.76%     58.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::1                    3660     29.01%     87.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2                    1055      8.36%     96.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::3                     238      1.89%     98.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4                      74      0.59%     98.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::5                      44      0.35%     98.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6                      41      0.32%     99.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::7                      28      0.22%     99.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8                      25      0.20%     99.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::9                      14      0.11%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10                     10      0.08%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::11                      6      0.05%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12                      4      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::13                      3      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::15                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16                      1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total               12617                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    11826129                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                    624890                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    4589060                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                       61                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     8                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                12451019                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                4589121                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         16415189                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                         624951                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     17040140                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    32466900                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         9                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                32466909                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         32466900                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              9                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     32466909                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       252008002                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   32401891                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     32505932                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             26665443                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      54724                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2721015                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    26665443                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           47920330                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          17296785                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           131498528                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           16670992                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     16416823                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11826745                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   4590078                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              362895.680082                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              251645106.319918                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.998560                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.001440                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          4355779                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 16090500     49.50%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     524      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11826745     36.38%     85.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                4590078     14.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  32507856                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           32849288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         14020.182672                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         64936143                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        64936143                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     32464557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       32464557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     32464557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        32464557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     32464557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       32464557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2343                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2343                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    202107824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    202107824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    202107824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    202107824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    202107824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    202107824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     32466900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32466900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     32466900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     32466900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     32466900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     32466900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 86260.274861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86260.274861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 86260.274861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86260.274861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 86260.274861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86260.274861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    197246176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    197246176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    197246176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    197246176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    197246176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    197246176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 84185.307725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84185.307725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 84185.307725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84185.307725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 84185.307725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84185.307725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry                27                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           592013                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.926835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           17118078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           592013                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            28.915037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   511.926835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.999857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          482                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          479                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.941406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33422521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33422521                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     11230343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       11230343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      4583254                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4583254                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          163                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          163                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         4380                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4380                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         4622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     15813597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15813597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     15813760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15813760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       590880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       590880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1129                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1129                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           43                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           43                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          287                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          287                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           41                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           41                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data       592009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        592009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data       592052                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       592052                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  54658226087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  54658226087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     51192994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51192994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      8075999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      8075999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       927000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       927000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  54709419081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  54709419081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  54709419081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  54709419081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     11821223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11821223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      4584383                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4584383                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          206                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          206                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         4667                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4667                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         4663                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4663                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     16405606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16405606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     16405812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16405812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.049985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.208738                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.208738                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.061496                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.061496                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.008793                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.008793                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.036086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.036088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 92503.090453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92503.090453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 45343.661647                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45343.661647                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 28139.369338                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28139.369338                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 22609.756098                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22609.756098                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 92413.154329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92413.154329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 92406.442476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92406.442476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16081                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            16081                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       590880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       590880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           43                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          248                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          248                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           40                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       592008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       592008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       592051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       592051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  53475673675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  53475673675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     48878000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48878000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3282501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3282501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4678000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4678000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       847000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       847000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  53524551675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53524551675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  53527834176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53527834176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1065993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1065993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       441500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       441500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1507493                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1507493                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.049985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000246                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000246                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.208738                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.208738                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.053139                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053139                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.008578                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008578                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.036086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.036088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 90501.749382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90501.749382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 43331.560284                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43331.560284                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 76337.232558                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76337.232558                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 18862.903226                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18862.903226                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        21175                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        21175                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 90411.872264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90411.872264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 90410.850038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90410.850038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry              5845                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    11897041                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                    622808                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    4667564                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       58                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     8                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                12519849                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                4667622                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         16564605                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                         622866                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     17187471                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    32757885                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                        10                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                32757895                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         32757885                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                             10                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     32757895                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       252371420                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   32692711                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     32799478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             26928213                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      55290                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      2752966                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    26928213                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           48445292                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          17461666                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           132592029                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           16763230                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     16566079                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   11897717                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   4668362                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles               5958.008000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              252365461.992000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.999976                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.000024                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          4387492                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 16234694     49.49%     49.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     499      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                11897717     36.27%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                4668362     14.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  32801279                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2647                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           18622903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          7035.475255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         65518417                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        65518417                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     32755238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       32755238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     32755238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        32755238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     32755238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       32755238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2647                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2647                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    178448288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    178448288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    178448288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    178448288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    178448288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    178448288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     32757885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32757885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     32757885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     32757885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     32757885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     32757885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 67415.295807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67415.295807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 67415.295807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67415.295807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 67415.295807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67415.295807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    172942712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    172942712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    172942712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    172942712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    172942712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    172942712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 65335.365319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65335.365319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 65335.365319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65335.365319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 65335.365319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65335.365319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry                30                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           592718                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.933857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           15472564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           592718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            26.104427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   511.933857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.999871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          282                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.976562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33722013                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33722013                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     11301106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       11301106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      4661093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4661093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          275                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          275                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         4387                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4387                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         4609                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4609                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data     15962199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        15962199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     15962474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       15962474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       590897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       590897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1777                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1777                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           48                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           48                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          296                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          296                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           71                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           71                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data       592674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        592674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data       592722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       592722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  54419616156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  54419616156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     60800493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     60800493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      9480499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      9480499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1404000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1404000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  54480416649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  54480416649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  54480416649                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  54480416649                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     11892003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11892003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      4662870                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4662870                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          323                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          323                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         4683                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4683                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         4680                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4680                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     16554873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16554873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     16555196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16555196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.049689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000381                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000381                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.148607                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148607                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.063207                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.063207                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.015171                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.015171                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.035801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.035803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 92096.619472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92096.619472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 34215.246483                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34215.246483                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 32028.712838                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32028.712838                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 19774.647887                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19774.647887                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 91923.075163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91923.075163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 91915.631019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91915.631019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16629                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            16629                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       590897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       590897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1777                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1777                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           48                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          252                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          252                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       592674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       592674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       592722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       592722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  53237037730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  53237037730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     57245495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57245495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4628000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4628000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4612999                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4612999                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1264000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1264000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  53294283225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53294283225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  53298911225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53298911225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1045994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1045994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       454500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       454500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1500494                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1500494                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.049689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000381                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000381                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.148607                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148607                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.053812                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053812                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.014957                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014957                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.035801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.035803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 90095.291954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90095.291954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 32214.684862                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32214.684862                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 96416.666667                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96416.666667                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18305.551587                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18305.551587                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18057.142857                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18057.142857                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 89921.749942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89921.749942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 89922.275915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89922.275915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              5854                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          407.023587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   407.023587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.794968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.794968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.794922                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data          275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.537109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.537109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.537109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data          364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.710938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.710938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          364                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          364                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.710938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          366.043908                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   366.043908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.714930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.714930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.714844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.500000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.500000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.500000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        3872                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       3366                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    3874                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   3366                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             7238                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         7240                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       17643                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   17643                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            17643                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        17643                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       252371444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      17392                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        20761                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                19215                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       1228                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         2011                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       19215                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              34290                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             13061                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               76326                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               7575                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         7910                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       4017                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      3893                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              252226048.984174                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              145395.015826                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000576                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999424                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             3305                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    13500     62.79%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      79      0.37%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                10      0.05%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    4017     18.68%     81.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   3893     18.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     21499                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              95485                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              403                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs           236.935484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            35689                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           35689                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        17240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          17240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        17240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           17240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        17240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          17240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     28884499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     28884499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     28884499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     28884499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     28884499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     28884499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        17643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        17643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        17643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        17643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        17643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        17643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 71673.694789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71673.694789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 71673.694789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71673.694789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 71673.694789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71673.694789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     28077501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28077501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     28077501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28077501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     28077501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28077501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 69671.218362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69671.218362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 69671.218362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69671.218362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 69671.218362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69671.218362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                49                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              121                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          474.324981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs              35525                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              121                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs           293.595041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   474.324981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.926416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.926416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          466                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.910156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            14638                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           14638                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         3585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           3585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         3253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           47                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           47                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           65                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           65                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         6838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            6838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         6885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           6885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           36                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           36                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            7                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          196                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          196                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5404499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5404499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1465000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1465000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       333500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       333500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       212500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       212500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6869499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      6869499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6869499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      6869499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3289                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3289                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           54                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           76                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         7027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         7081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.040931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.010946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.129630                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.129630                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.144737                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.144737                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.121622                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.121622                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.026896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.027680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 35323.522876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35323.522876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 40694.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40694.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 30318.181818                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30318.181818                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 23611.111111                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23611.111111                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 36346.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36346.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 35048.464286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35048.464286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           57                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               57                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5097501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5097501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1393000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1393000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       313500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       313500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        13000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        13000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       194500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       194500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6490501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6490501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6804001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6804001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       155500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       155500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       105000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       105000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       260500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       260500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.040931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.010946                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010946                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.129630                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.129630                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.121622                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121622                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.026896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.027680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        33317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        33317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 38694.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38694.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 44785.714286                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44785.714286                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         3250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 21611.111111                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21611.111111                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 34341.275132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34341.275132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 34714.290816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34714.290816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                31                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -197801084678.399994
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       198335702476.800018
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -133437239664.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       133797894528.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -1214020982054.399658
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       1217477393433.599609
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -48437532610.559982
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       48464125701.120003
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -127630794307338.062500
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       127769922402877.265625
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -38552577643707.835938
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       38596759803892.773438
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -410694436535760.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       411140235539376.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.126186
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       756750866.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       252594902.672256
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       53612871.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       192.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       8746576.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       23728479.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       9262333.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       65111994.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       96399912.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       34771512.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       192.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       111242.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       53612871.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       192.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       65242447.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       19.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       65242428.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       5393.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       23716964.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       9250542.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       34234851.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       1247819.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       1181930.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       2942.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       6340212
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       865608.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       8037.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       883957.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       6050706.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       53353.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       864995.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
