sim_seconds                                  0.050248                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 50248132000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               43320404732500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               82527793                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 85221605                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              126823852                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2607012                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   396.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 32697849415                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   33765149720                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      2038340                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::total      2038340                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_written::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data         3404                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         3404                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data       509585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::total       509585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_writes::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data          851                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_writes::total          851                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     40565488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::total       40565488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_write::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data        67744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_write::total         67744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     40633232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::total      40633232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readReqs               509585                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeReqs                 851                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readBursts             509585                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeBursts               851                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM        16299328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ             7392                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWritten            15456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadSys          2038340                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys          3404                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ             231                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts            368                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0        71707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1        54895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2        51455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3        64952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4        75925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5        65329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6        43872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7        81219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0           44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2           52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3           57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4           66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5           70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6           69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totGap            67933808000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::2         509585                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::2           851                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0           509354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25              32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       202697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    80.488532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.178675                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    44.209093                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-63        31737     15.66%     15.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::64-127       131897     65.07%     80.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-191        28617     14.12%     94.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::192-255         7895      3.89%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-319         2109      1.04%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::320-383          400      0.20%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-447           39      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::448-511            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       202697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean 17572.965517                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 16594.668362                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  5572.539697                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      3.45%      3.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      6.90%     10.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      3.45%     13.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            2      6.90%     20.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            3     10.34%     31.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            2      6.90%     37.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            1      3.45%     41.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::17408-17919            2      6.90%     48.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            3     10.34%     58.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::19968-20479            3     10.34%     68.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20480-20991            3     10.34%     79.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::23040-23551            1      3.45%     82.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24063            1      3.45%     86.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24064-24575            1      3.45%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25087            1      3.45%     93.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27135            1      3.45%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::27136-27647            1      3.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.655172                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.613995                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.232763                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           22     75.86%     75.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18            3     10.34%     86.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19            3     10.34%     96.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20            1      3.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totQLat            5958990057                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totMemAccLat      14592540357                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totBusLat          1629932800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgQLat              11699.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat         28649.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBW                324.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBW                  0.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys              40.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys               0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtil                  3.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilRead              3.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrQLen               25.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHits            307076                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHits               64                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          60.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate         13.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgGap              133089.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.pageHitRate             60.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21703499985                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF   4415104800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT  24129558272                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::0     5133494620.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::1     5229187891.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::2     5480626233.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::3     5181458889.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::0       3463071768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::1       3527626752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::2       3697247856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::3       3495428616                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::0    9767399116.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::1    9608667993.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::2    10818549580.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::3    11809323801.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0   271337610.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1   271503498.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2   271024081.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3   271714590.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0 369246379392                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1 367110158472                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2 380888799315.840027                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3 390501874523.520020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0 2098833167376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1 2100707045376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2 2088620518320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3 2080187996208.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0   3182343003528                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1   3182082343627.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2   3185404919032.319824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3   3187075950273.600586                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::0     78.812044                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::1     78.805589                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::2     78.887874                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::3     78.929258                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      2028668                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_read::total      2028668                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_written::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data         3232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         3232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data       507167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_reads::total       507167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_writes::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data          808                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_writes::total          808                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     40373003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_read::total       40373003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_write::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data        64321                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_write::total         64321                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     40437324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_total::total      40437324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readReqs               507167                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeReqs                 808                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readBursts             507167                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeBursts               808                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM        16221088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ             8256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWritten            14048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadSys          2028668                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys          3232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ             258                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts            370                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0        66925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1        61707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2        55943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3        44598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4        51673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5        69186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6        56209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7       100668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totGap            68048549000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::2         507167                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::2           808                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0           506909                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15              10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16              12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17              20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       204661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    79.326965                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    69.949031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    44.584329                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63        33728     16.48%     16.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::64-95       111033     54.25%     70.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::96-127        23312     11.39%     82.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-159        20918     10.22%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4460      2.18%     94.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::192-223         5355      2.62%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255         4363      2.13%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287          974      0.48%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::288-319          130      0.06%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::320-351          297      0.15%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::352-383           55      0.03%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-415           31      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::416-447            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::448-479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       204661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean 19699.807692                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 17536.684574                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  7924.203289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      3.85%      3.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      3.85%      7.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      3.85%     11.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            2      7.69%     19.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            2      7.69%     26.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            1      3.85%     30.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            5     19.23%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20480-21503            3     11.54%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            2      7.69%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            1      3.85%     73.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25599            2      7.69%     80.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            2      7.69%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::29696-30719            1      3.85%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::30720-31743            1      3.85%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32768-33791            1      3.85%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.884615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.848707                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.142871                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           15     57.69%     57.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            1      3.85%     61.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            9     34.62%     96.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20            1      3.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totQLat            6063408202                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totMemAccLat      14655515752                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totBusLat          1622108800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgQLat              11961.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat         28911.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBW                322.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBW                  0.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys              40.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys               0.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtil                  3.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilRead              3.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrQLen               25.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHits            302617                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHits               70                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          59.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate         15.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgGap              133960.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.pageHitRate             59.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21686954516                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF   4415104800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT  24146103741                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::0     5057826278.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::1     4565355177.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::2     5285648390.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::3       6468571872                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::0     3412025664.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::1       3079803096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::2     3565715184.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::3       4363719120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::0    9254468121.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::1    8379090969.599999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::2    9632886681.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::3    14042634777.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0   271405624.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1   271140203.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2   271541652.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3   271267522.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0 361258055786.880005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1 348073017995.520020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2 363546753494.399963                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3 403856327459.520020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0 2105840468784                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1 2117406291408.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2 2103832839216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3 2068473563808.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0   3180722403903.359863                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1   3177402852494.400391                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2   3181763538263.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3   3193104238203.840820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::0     78.771910                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::1     78.689700                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::2     78.797694                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::3     79.078551                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys6.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst    122941264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     36511693                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        63341                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        59142                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        65762                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        66412                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        60867                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        61723                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    159830204                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst    122941264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    122941264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      9043200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         5358                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         5068                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         5610                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         5507                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         5065                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         5242                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      9075050                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst     30735316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     10947943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        63341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        59142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        65762                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        66412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        60867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        61723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::total     42060506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      3177642                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2697                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2548                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2826                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2771                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2554                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2638                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::total      3193676                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   2446683272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    726627867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1260564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1176999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1308745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1321681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1211329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1228364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3180818821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   2446683272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2446683272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    179970869                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       106631                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       100859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       111646                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       109596                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       100800                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       104322                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::total    180604724                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   2446683272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    906598737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1367195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1277858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1420391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1431277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1312128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1332686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3361423545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total              1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::writebacks         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total           1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total                  5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::writebacks            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                 5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         5095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu2.data         5095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu4.data        10189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         5095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total                25474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         5095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::total            5095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::writebacks          25474                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total               25474                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::writebacks          25474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         5095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu2.data         5095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu4.data        10189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         5095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total               50947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                          5                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                         5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                       40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                      40                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                  1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                   1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                   1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                  50259211000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                   40                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                  40                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   216.615385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   182.129882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    82.782384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     15.38%     15.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     15.38%     30.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287            9     69.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean            28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    19.595918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.284271                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::48               1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24               2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                      998000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                1676000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                    128000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        0.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     37.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                      35                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                     40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate              100.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                 5025921100.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   93.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE   45832032434                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF     4415104800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT        1025823                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::0           997315.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::1                1049328                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::2           999734.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::3           973123.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                 672792                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                 707880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::2           674424.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                 656472                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::0               4133376                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::1          4301606.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::2               4065984                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::3          3947174.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0         1562664.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1         1605795.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2         1516216.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3         1483453.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0       201958817353.920013                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1       201960300977.280029                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2       201959384909.760010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3       201959264908.799988                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0       2245576642848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1       2245575341424                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2       2245576144992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3       2245576250256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0         3143170979994.240234                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1         3143171460655.680176                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2         3143170939904.639648                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3         3143170729032                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::0           77.841933                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::1           77.841945                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::2           77.841932                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::3           77.841927                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total               512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total           2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total                  2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                 9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         5095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         5095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total                10189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         5095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::total            5095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::writebacks          45852                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total               45852                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::writebacks          45852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         5095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         5095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total               56042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                          2                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                         9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                       16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                      72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                    512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           14                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                  50262274000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                   16                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                  72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   201.142857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   159.328635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    92.599100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     21.43%     21.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     21.43%     42.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287            8     57.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.094011                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0                2     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                     1051952                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                1323152                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                     51200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    65747.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               82697.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     33.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                      14                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                 4569297636.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   84.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE   45831099995                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF     4415104800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT        1958262                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::0           987638.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::1           1039046.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::2           1001548.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::3           984009.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::0           666264.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::1           700944.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                 675648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::3                 663816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::0          4101427.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::1          4257676.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::2               4073472                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::3          3990105.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0         1552711.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1         1609113.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2         1499627.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3         1486771.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0       201958611770.880035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1       201959429014.080017                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2       201959747429.760010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3       201959606088                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0       2245576823184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1       2245576106304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2       2245575826992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3       2245575950976                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0         3143170896640.319824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1         3143171295743.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2         3143170978362.239746                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3         3143170835410.560059                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::0           77.841931                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::1           77.841941                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::2           77.841933                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::3           77.841929                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total               256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks         2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                  1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks           10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         5095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total                 5095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks          50947                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               50947                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks          50947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         5095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total               56042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          1                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                        10                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                      80                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                   2560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                    256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                2560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            7                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  50252937000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    8                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                  80                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   187.733333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   146.603513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    95.898359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     20.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::64-95            1      6.67%     26.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::160-191            1      6.67%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     13.33%     46.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287            8     53.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.094011                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0                2     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     26.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    26.415418                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     4.618802                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               2     66.67%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32               1     33.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                      199600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                 335200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                     25600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     30.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       7                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                     66                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               82.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 4568448818.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   82.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   45831643176                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4415104800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT        1415081                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0                1040256                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1           999129.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::2           1054166.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::3           1013644.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                 701760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                 674016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::2           711144.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                 683808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0          4266163.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1               4073472                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::2          4237708.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::3          4194278.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0         1615749.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1         1532805.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2         1622799.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3         1516216.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0       201959165537.280029                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1       201959552736                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2       201960062726.399994                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3       201959817361.920013                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0       2245576337424                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1       2245575997776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2       2245575550416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3       2245575765648                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         3143171280533.760254                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         3143170983578.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2         3143171392605.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3         3143171144601.600098                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0           77.841940                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1           77.841933                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::2           77.841943                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::3           77.841937                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      2010140                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::total      2010140                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data         3140                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         3140                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data       502535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::total       502535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data          785                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::total          785                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     40004273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::total       40004273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data        62490                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::total         62490                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     40066763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::total      40066763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readReqs               502535                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeReqs                 785                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readBursts             502535                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeBursts               785                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM        16074624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ             6496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWritten            15616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadSys          2010140                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys          3140                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ             203                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts            310                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0        74959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1        45985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2        47312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3        71286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4        49554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5        47876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6        62088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7       103272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totGap            68064855500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::2         502535                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::2           785                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0           502332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15              12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16              11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25              32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       205455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    78.315154                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    69.267756                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    43.579081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63        34493     16.79%     16.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-95       112512     54.76%     71.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::96-127        22172     10.79%     82.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-159        22108     10.76%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4804      2.34%     95.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-223         5052      2.46%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1441      0.70%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2369      1.15%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::288-319          147      0.07%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::320-351          303      0.15%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::352-383           21      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-415           30      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::416-447            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::448-479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       205455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean 17319.275862                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 15978.223996                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  6795.012950                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      3.45%      3.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      6.90%     10.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.45%     13.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      3.45%     17.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      3.45%     20.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            2      6.90%     27.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            2      6.90%     34.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      3.45%     37.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            2      6.90%     44.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      3.45%     48.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      3.45%     51.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            1      3.45%     55.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::17408-17919            2      6.90%     62.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::19456-19967            1      3.45%     65.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::19968-20479            1      3.45%     68.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20992-21503            1      3.45%     72.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23039            2      6.90%     79.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24063            2      6.90%     86.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27135            1      3.45%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28159            1      3.45%     93.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::29184-29695            1      3.45%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32255            1      3.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.827586                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.799120                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.002460                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           17     58.62%     58.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           12     41.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totQLat            6194701622                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totMemAccLat      14709229022                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totBusLat          1607462400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgQLat              12331.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat         29281.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBW                319.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBW                  0.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys              40.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys               0.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtil                  3.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilRead              3.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrQLen               24.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHits            297291                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHits               74                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHitRate          59.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate         15.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgGap              135231.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.pageHitRate             59.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21705002279                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF   4415104800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT  24128055978                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::0     4731490108.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::1       4692785328                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::2     4840254316.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::3     6512085417.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::0       3191878248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::1       3165767880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::2       3265250928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::3       4393073496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::0    8791288396.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::1    8703624883.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::2    8932764172.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::3    14777069798.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0   272017751.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1   271528796.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2   270857779.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3   270873953.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0 356155208616.960022                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1 354210143535.360046                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2 353264613344.640015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3 401781582653.760071                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0 2110316650512.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1 2112022847952.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2 2112852260400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3 2070293515392.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0   3179086687277.760742                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1   3178694852018.880371                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2   3179054154585.600098                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3   3193656354355.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::0     78.731400                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::1     78.721696                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::2     78.730595                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::3     79.092224                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total               512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                  2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks            6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                 6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         5095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         5095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total                10189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks          30568                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               30568                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks          30568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         5095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         5095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total               40758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          2                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                       16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                      48                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                   1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                    512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                1536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           13                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  50263843000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                   16                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                  48                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.800000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.446100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    92.005797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     20.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     20.00%     40.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287            6     60.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    17.888544                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.627417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                      399200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                 670400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                     51200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     27.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                      14                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                     40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 6282980375.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   84.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   45832041812                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4415104800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT        1016445                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0           1138233.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1           1019692.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::2           1112227.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::3                1079568                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0                 767856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1                 687888                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::2                 750312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::3                 728280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0          4573171.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1          4169817.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::2          4531238.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::3          4366502.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0         1818547.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1         1569300.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2              1741824                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3         1645608.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0       201961224815.040009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1       201960096652.799988                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2       201960608558.399994                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3       201960963472.320007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0       2245574531040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1       2245575520656                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2       2245575071616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3       2245574760288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         3143172207307.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         3143171217651.839844                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2         3143171969420.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3         3143171697363.839844                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0           77.841963                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1           77.841939                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::2           77.841958                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::3           77.841951                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      2035432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_read::total      2035432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_written::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data         3636                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_written::total         3636                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data       508858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_reads::total       508858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_writes::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data          909                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_writes::total          909                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     40507615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_read::total       40507615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_write::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data        72361                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_write::total         72361                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     40579976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_total::total      40579976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readReqs               508858                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeReqs                 909                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readBursts             508858                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeBursts               909                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM        16274464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ             8992                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWritten            15808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadSys          2035432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys          3636                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ             281                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts            420                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0        90326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1        51923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2        45583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3        50451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4        48233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5        44846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6        73117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7       104098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0           60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1           66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2           49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4           67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5           65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6           60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7           66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totGap            68045130500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::2         508858                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::2           909                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0           508577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25              34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples       209484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean    77.763801                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean    69.041634                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    42.287006                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63        35329     16.86%     16.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::64-95       113903     54.37%     71.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::96-127        24607     11.75%     82.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-159        21494     10.26%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4912      2.34%     95.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::192-223         6373      3.04%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1020      0.49%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1134      0.54%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::288-319          146      0.07%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::320-351          472      0.23%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::352-383           42      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-415           46      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::416-447            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::448-479            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total       209484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean 17187.966667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 15638.268944                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  7622.093945                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            1      3.33%      3.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      3.33%      6.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            2      6.67%     13.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            2      6.67%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            1      3.33%     23.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            3     10.00%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            1      3.33%     36.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            2      6.67%     43.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            1      3.33%     46.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            3     10.00%     56.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431            2      6.67%     63.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            1      3.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            2      6.67%     73.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            2      6.67%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            2      6.67%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27647            1      3.33%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::29696-30719            1      3.33%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      3.33%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::35840-36863            1      3.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.466667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.439013                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.008014                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16           24     80.00%     80.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18            5     16.67%     96.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::20            1      3.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totQLat            6324558661                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totMemAccLat      14944938811                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totBusLat          1627446400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgQLat              12435.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat         29385.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBW                323.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBW                  0.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys              40.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys               0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtil                  3.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilRead              3.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrQLen               24.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHits            299518                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHits               69                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          58.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate         14.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgGap              133482.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.pageHitRate             58.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21379604163                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF   4415104800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT  24453454094                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::0     6036379977.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::1       4496733360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::2       4130762832                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::3       7294302288                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::0     4072161096.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::1       3033510600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::2       2786625720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::3       4920759480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::0    11458589875.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::1      8334930240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::2    7474874035.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::3    14604973094.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0   271873843.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1   271696343.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2   270907545.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3   271282867.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0 387003435099.840027                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1 340117916872.320007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2 335725484359.679932                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3 403843194057.599976                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0 2083256802720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1 2124384450288.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2 2128237461264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3 2068485084336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0   3187727396256                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1   3176267391347.520508                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2   3174254269400.639648                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3   3195047749767.360352                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::0     78.945391                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::1     78.661579                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::2     78.611724                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::3     79.126683                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total               512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks         2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total           2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total                  2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                 8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         5095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         5095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total                10189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         5095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total            5095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks          40758                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               40758                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks          40758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         5095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         5095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total               50947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          2                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                       16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                      64                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                    512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                2048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            9                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  50274654000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                   16                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                  64                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   201.142857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   159.328635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    92.599100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     21.43%     21.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     21.43%     42.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287            8     57.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    12.220202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                      399200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                 670400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                     51200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     26.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                      14                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               93.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 5027465400.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   92.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   45831536502                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4415104800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT        1521755                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0           1027555.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1                 985824                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::2           974937.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::3                 985824                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                 693192                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                 665040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                 657696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                 665040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0          4214246.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1          4029542.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::2          4010073.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::3          4045516.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0         1612431.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1              1492992                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2         1496724.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3         1499627.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0       201959397878.399994                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1       201959593885.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2       201959296920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3       201959665951.680023                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0       2245576133616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1       2245575961680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2       2245576222176                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3       2245575898464                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         3143171232563.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         3143170882608                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2         3143170812171.839844                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3         3143170914068.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0           77.841939                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1           77.841931                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::2           77.841929                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::3           77.841931                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      1935436                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_read::total      1935436                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_written::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data         3520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_written::total         3520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data       483859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_reads::total       483859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_writes::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data          880                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_writes::total          880                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     38517571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_read::total       38517571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_write::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data        70052                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_write::total         70052                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     38587624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::total      38587624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readReqs               483859                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeReqs                 880                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readBursts             483859                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeBursts               880                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM        15476128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ             7360                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWritten            15744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadSys          1935436                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys          3520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ             230                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts            392                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0        52408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1        49486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2        65619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3        71277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4        57584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5        53728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6        65031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7        68496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2           68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4           66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5           66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6           68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7           57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totGap            67920154000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::2         483859                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::2           880                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0           483629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15               5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples       197640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean    78.384295                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean    69.882503                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    41.383362                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63        32132     16.26%     16.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::64-95       104063     52.65%     68.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::96-127        26602     13.46%     82.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-159        23176     11.73%     94.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4441      2.25%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::192-223         4637      2.35%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255          768      0.39%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1158      0.59%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::288-319          182      0.09%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::320-351          343      0.17%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::352-383           51      0.03%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-415           80      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::416-447            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::448-479            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::480-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total       197640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean 16183.400000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 15420.119133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  5119.982830                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      3.33%      3.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2      6.67%     10.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      3.33%     13.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            3     10.00%     23.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            5     16.67%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      3.33%     43.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      3.33%     46.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            2      6.67%     53.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      3.33%     56.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            1      3.33%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::17408-17919            2      6.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::18432-18943            1      3.33%     70.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::19456-19967            3     10.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::19968-20479            1      3.33%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::20480-20991            1      3.33%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24064-24575            1      3.33%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::25088-25599            1      3.33%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::26112-26623            1      3.33%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27135            1      3.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.400000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.379692                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.855006                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16           24     80.00%     80.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::17            1      3.33%     83.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::18            4     13.33%     96.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::19            1      3.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totQLat            5781315378                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totMemAccLat      13978826928                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totBusLat          1547612800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgQLat              11954.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat         28904.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBW                307.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBW                  0.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys              38.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys               0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtil                  3.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilRead              3.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrQLen               24.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHits            286425                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHits               56                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          59.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate         11.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgGap              140116.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.pageHitRate             59.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE  22705402322                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF   4415104800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT  23127655935                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::0     4655483683.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::1     5227843420.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::2     5042125670.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::3     5795711913.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::0       3140604072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::1       3526719768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::2     3401433984.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::3       3909805656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::0      8811538944                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::1    10155190156.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::2      9481954560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::3     12738962496                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0   271316044.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1   271073018.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2   271378667.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3   271225635.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0 353019267141.120056                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1 373227981477.120056                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2 366559312423.679993                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3 394286538124.799988                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0 2113067476368.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1 2095340533968.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2 2101190243664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3 2076868115856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0   3178593839897.280273                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1   3183377495453.760254                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2   3181574602613.760254                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3   3189498513326.399902                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::0     78.719195                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::1     78.837664                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::2     78.793015                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::3     78.989254                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys4.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst    124722596                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     36895322                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        59921                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        60439                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        58702                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        59291                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        61520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        55734                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    161973525                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst    124722596                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    124722596                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      9151209                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         5246                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         5218                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         5159                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         5095                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         5320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         4904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      9182151                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst     31180649                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     11087168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        59921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        60439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        58702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        59291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        61520                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        55734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::total     42623424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      3226104                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2642                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2626                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2600                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2560                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2674                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2468                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::total      3241674                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   2482133983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    734262559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1192502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1202811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1168242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1179964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1224324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1109176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3223473561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   2482133983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2482133983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    182120382                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       104402                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       103845                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       102670                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       101397                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       105875                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data        97596                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::total    182736166                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   2482133983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    916382941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1296904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1306656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1270913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1281361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1330199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1206771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3406209727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst    121690920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     36267578                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        62989                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        58569                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        65175                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        64693                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        68104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        65142                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    158343170                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst    121690920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    121690920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      8983819                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         5356                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         4977                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         5452                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         5424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         5480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         5439                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      9015947                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst     30422730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     10852862                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        62989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        58569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        65175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        64693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        68104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        65142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::total     41660264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      3145843                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2695                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2499                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2749                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2730                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2756                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2742                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::total      3162014                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   2421799879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    721769677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1253559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1165596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1297063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1287471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1355354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1296406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3151225005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   2421799879                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2421799879                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    178789114                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       106591                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data        99048                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       108502                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       107944                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       109059                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       108243                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::total    179428501                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   2421799879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    900558791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1360150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1264644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1405565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1395415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1464413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1404649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3330653506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst    126326872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     37254563                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        59894                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        56215                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        59004                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        57016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        59342                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        56082                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    163928988                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst    126326872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    126326872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      9241931                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         5194                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         5057                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         5300                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         5028                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         5212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         4958                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      9272680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst     31581718                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     11214875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        59894                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        56215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        59004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        57016                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        59342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        56082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::total     43144146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      3267686                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2543                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2669                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2535                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2626                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2495                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::total      3283174                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   2514061060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    741411900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1191965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1118748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1174253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1134689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1180979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1116101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3262389694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   2514061060                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2514061060                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    183925862                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       103367                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       100641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       105477                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       100063                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       103725                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data        98670                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::total    184537805                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   2514061060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    925337762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1295332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1219389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1279729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1234752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1284704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1214772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3446927500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total               256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total           2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total                  1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                 9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         5095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total                 5095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::writebacks          45852                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total               45852                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::writebacks          45852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         5095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total               50947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                          1                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                         9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                        8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                      72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                    256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           25                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                  50265834000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    8                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                  72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   196.923077                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   162.896909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    87.485676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     15.38%     15.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      7.69%     23.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::160-191            1      7.69%     30.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     15.38%     46.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287            7     53.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.094011                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0                2     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                      199600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                 335200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                     25600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     28.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                       7                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                 5026583400.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   83.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE   45831073102                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF     4415104800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT        1985155                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::0                 988848                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::1           1020902.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::2           987638.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::3           970099.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                 667080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::1           688704.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::2           666264.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                 654432                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::0          4137369.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::1          4201267.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::2          4055001.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::3          3975129.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0         1544417.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1         1572618.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2         1469767.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3              1461888                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0       201958867751.040009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1       201960136762.560028                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2       201959532161.280029                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3       201959565157.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0       2245576598640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1       2245575485472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2       2245576015824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3       2245575986880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0         3143170957750.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1         3143171259370.560059                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2         3143170880301.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3         3143170767230.399902                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::0           77.841932                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::1           77.841940                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::2           77.841931                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::3           77.841928                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys7.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst    120380688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     35928864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        65754                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        70023                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        62579                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        62819                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        65360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        65235                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    156701322                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst    120380688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    120380688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      8892649                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         5467                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         5718                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         5018                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         5294                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         5459                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         5384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      8924989                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst     30095172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     10743081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        65754                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        70023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        62579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        62819                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        65360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        65235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::total     41230023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      3110533                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2749                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2877                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2525                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2666                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2750                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2711                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::total      3126811                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   2395724641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data    715028849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1308586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1393544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1245400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1250176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1300745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1298257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3118550198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   2395724641                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2395724641                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data    176974718                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       108800                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       113795                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data        99864                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       105357                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       108641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       107148                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::total    177618324                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   2395724641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data    892003567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1417386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1507340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1345264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1355533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1409386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1405405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3296168522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      1889964                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_read::total      1889964                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data         3588                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::total         3588                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data       472491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_reads::total       472491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data          897                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::total          897                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     37612622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_read::total       37612622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data        71406                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::total         71406                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     37684028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::total      37684028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readReqs               472491                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeReqs                 897                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readBursts             472491                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeBursts               897                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM        15111136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ             8576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWritten            15936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadSys          1889964                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys          3588                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ             268                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts            410                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0        56870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1        50299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2        90246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3        50941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4        47377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5        43565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6        50109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7        82816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0           72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2           59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4           63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6           60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7           69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totGap            67950907500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::2         472491                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::2           897                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0           472223                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15               9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16               9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25              32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples       189401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean    79.867963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean    70.347388                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    44.374569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63        32755     17.29%     17.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::64-95        95661     50.51%     67.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::96-127        27061     14.29%     82.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-159        18856      9.96%     92.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::160-191         5134      2.71%     94.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::192-223         6493      3.43%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255          918      0.48%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2143      1.13%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::288-319          109      0.06%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::320-351          187      0.10%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::352-383           29      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-415           46      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::416-447            9      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total       189401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean 15949.633333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 14533.263408                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  7088.169539                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            2      6.67%      6.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            1      3.33%     10.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            4     13.33%     23.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            1      3.33%     26.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            2      6.67%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            1      3.33%     36.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            4     13.33%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            3     10.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431            3     10.00%     70.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            4     13.33%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            1      3.33%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            1      3.33%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27647            2      6.67%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::38912-39935            1      3.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.600000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.575466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.932183                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16           21     70.00%     70.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18            9     30.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totQLat            5636000661                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totMemAccLat      13640180511                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totBusLat          1511113600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgQLat              11935.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat         28885.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBW                300.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBW                  0.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys              37.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys               0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtil                  3.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilRead              3.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrQLen               25.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHits            283238                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHits               82                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          59.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate         16.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgGap              143541.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.pageHitRate             59.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23231047229                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF   4415104800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT  22602011028                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::0     4749791356.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::1     6016775385.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::2     4529783865.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::3     5377215110.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::0       3204224328                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::1     4058935776.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::2       3055806576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::3     3627486384.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::0    8817401049.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::1    11700103833.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::2    8230176614.400001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::3     12228528000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0   271350466.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1   271704637.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2   271450414.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3   271593492.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0 352909135589.760071                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1 385089356312.640015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2 345105681808.320007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3 393005019746.880005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0 2113164082992.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1 2084935819200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2 2120009217888.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3 2077992254784                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0   3178744139426.880371                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1   3187700848789.440430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2   3176830270810.560547                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3   3188130251161.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::0     78.722917                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::1     78.944734                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::2     78.675519                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::3     78.955368                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      1974928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_read::total      1974928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_written::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data         3476                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_written::total         3476                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data       493732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_reads::total       493732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_writes::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data          869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_writes::total          869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     39303511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_read::total       39303511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_write::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data        69177                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_write::total         69177                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     39372688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_total::total      39372688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readReqs               493732                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeReqs                 869                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readBursts             493732                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeBursts               869                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM        15790912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ             8512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWritten            15296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadSys          1974928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys          3476                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ             266                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts            397                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0        89695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1        42837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2        49486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3        53838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4        54999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5        55119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6        60111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7        87381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2           60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3           57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4           67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6           63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7           50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totGap            68021708000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::2         493732                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::2           869                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0           493466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples       200665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean    78.769133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean    69.679366                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    43.540353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63        33417     16.65%     16.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::64-95       108008     53.83%     70.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::96-127        24216     12.07%     82.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-159        19535      9.74%     92.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::160-191         5955      2.97%     95.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::192-223         6423      3.20%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255          840      0.42%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1539      0.77%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::288-319          230      0.11%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::320-351          426      0.21%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::352-383           32      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-415           39      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::416-447            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::448-479            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total       200665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean 16955.344828                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 15752.209639                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  6471.203014                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            2      6.90%      6.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            2      6.90%     13.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            1      3.45%     17.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            1      3.45%     20.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            2      6.90%     27.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            2      6.90%     34.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      3.45%     37.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            1      3.45%     41.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            1      3.45%     44.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            5     17.24%     62.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            1      3.45%     65.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            1      3.45%     68.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::20480-21503            1      3.45%     72.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            2      6.90%     79.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            2      6.90%     86.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            1      3.45%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25599            1      3.45%     93.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            1      3.45%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::33792-34815            1      3.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.482759                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.459660                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.911070                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16           22     75.86%     75.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::17            1      3.45%     79.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18            5     17.24%     96.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::19            1      3.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totQLat            6014830975                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totMemAccLat      14379079675                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totBusLat          1579091200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgQLat              12188.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat         29138.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBW                314.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBW                  0.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys              39.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys               0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtil                  3.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilRead              3.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrQLen               25.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHits            293219                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHits               60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          59.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate         12.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgGap              137528.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.pageHitRate             59.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE  22157399550                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF   4415104800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT  23675658707                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::0       6358132368                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::1     4560271228.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::2       4569533136                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::3     5845658716.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::0       4289216280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::1       3076373448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::2       3082621560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::3       3943499928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::0     11629912320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::1    8524276300.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::2      8629011456                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::3    12340090214.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0   270958141.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1   271204070.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2   271684316.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3   271450828.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0 385212542469.120056                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1 349341101081.279968                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2 351709370916.479919                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3 396467454286.080017                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0 2084827761168.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1 2116293937824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2 2114216508144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3 2074955031504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0   3188216676390.720215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1   3177695317597.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2   3178106883172.799805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3   3189451339122.240234                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::0     78.957508                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::1     78.696943                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::2     78.707135                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::3     78.988085                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys1.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst    121522364                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     36207850                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        64163                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        62256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        59422                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        65110                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        62837                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        65900                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    158109902                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst    121522364                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    121522364                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      8968462                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         5474                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         5211                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         5116                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         5499                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         5306                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         5410                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      9000478                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst     30380591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     10836619                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        64163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        62256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        59422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        65110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        62837                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        65900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::total     41596898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      3141355                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2756                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2619                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2572                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2769                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2666                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2722                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::total      3157459                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   2418445406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    720581016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1276923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1238971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1182571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1295770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1250534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1311492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3146582683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   2418445406                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2418445406                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    178483491                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       108939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       103705                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       101815                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       109437                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       105596                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       107666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::total    179120649                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   2418445406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    899064507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1385862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1342677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1284386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1405206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1356130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1419157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3325703332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total               512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::writebacks         3840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total           3840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total                  2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::writebacks           15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu4.data        10189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total                10189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::writebacks          76421                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total               76421                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::writebacks          76421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu4.data        10189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total               86610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                          2                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                        15                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                       16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                     120                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                   3840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                    512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                3840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           13                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                  50237025000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                   16                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                 120                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples           22                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   197.818182                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   154.814721                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    92.973953                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63            5     22.73%     22.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255            5     22.73%     45.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287           12     54.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total           22                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.400000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.430724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0                3     60.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24               5    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                      399200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                 670400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                     51200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     30.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                      14                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                    100                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                 2955119117.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   83.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE   45830739598                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF     4415104800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT        2318659                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::0           1036022.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::1           1033603.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::2                 967680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::3           1049932.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::0           698904.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                 697272                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                 652800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                 708288                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::0          4209254.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::1          4169817.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::2               3953664                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::3          4259174.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0         1648926.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1         1629434.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2         1459814.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3         1619481.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0       201960008115.839996                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1       201960615562.560028                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2       201959899715.519989                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3       201960484727.040009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0       2245575598320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1       2245575065472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2       2245575693408                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3       2245575180240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0         3143171353187.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1         3143171364806.400391                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2         3143170780726.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3         3143171455488                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::0           77.841942                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::1           77.841943                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::2           77.841928                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::3           77.841945                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      2014256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_read::total      2014256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_written::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data         3864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         3864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data       503564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_reads::total       503564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_writes::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data          966                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_writes::total          966                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     40086187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_read::total       40086187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_write::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data        76898                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_write::total         76898                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     40163085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_total::total      40163085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readReqs               503564                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeReqs                 966                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readBursts             503564                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeBursts               966                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM        16104992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ             9056                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWritten            16384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadSys          2014256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys          3864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ             283                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts            451                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0        52182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1        63644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2        57617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3        45855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4        54077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5        51491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6        67082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7       111333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0           71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1           66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2           67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4           68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7           62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totGap            67995199500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::2         503564                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::2           966                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0           503281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15               9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16               9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24              32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25              37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26              32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       203851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    79.084115                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    70.278254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    42.695605                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63        31726     15.56%     15.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::64-95       111785     54.84%     70.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::96-127        22375     10.98%     81.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-159        23764     11.66%     93.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::160-191         5229      2.57%     95.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::192-223         6034      2.96%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255          909      0.45%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1340      0.66%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::288-319          177      0.09%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::320-351          395      0.19%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::352-383           65      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-415           50      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::416-447            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       203851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples           31                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean 16156.258065                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 14533.555759                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  6609.161444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      3.23%      3.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      3.23%      6.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      6.45%     12.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      3.23%     16.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      3.23%     19.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      3.23%     22.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      3.23%     25.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            2      6.45%     32.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            2      6.45%     38.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      3.23%     41.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      3.23%     45.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      3.23%     48.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16384-16895            1      3.23%     51.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            1      3.23%     54.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::17408-17919            1      3.23%     58.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            1      3.23%     61.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18432-18943            1      3.23%     64.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18944-19455            2      6.45%     70.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::19968-20479            3      9.68%     80.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20992-21503            1      3.23%     83.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22015            1      3.23%     87.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23039            1      3.23%     90.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26111            1      3.23%     93.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::29696-30207            1      3.23%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::30208-30719            1      3.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total           31                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples           31                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.516129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.493797                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.889605                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           23     74.19%     74.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18            8     25.81%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total           31                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totQLat            6076476741                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totMemAccLat      14607089691                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totBusLat          1610499200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgQLat              12073.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat         29023.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBW                320.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBW                  0.33                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys              40.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys               0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtil                  3.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilRead              3.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrQLen               25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHits            299854                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHits               88                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          59.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate         17.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgGap              134769.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.pageHitRate             59.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21836363338                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF   4415104800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT  23996694919                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::0     4811511801.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::1       4784010336                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::2     4578002755.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::3       7334418672                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::0       3245861136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::1       3227308560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::2       3088335192                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::3       4947822120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::0    9048242611.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::1    8949896716.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::2    8644681843.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::3    15857757926.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0   271762283.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1   271534187.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2   271342172.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3   271161768.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3 695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0 358804782426.239990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1 365547993143.039978                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2 354198470172.480042                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3 411956434229.760071                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0 2107992462960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1 2102077365840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2 2112033087744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3 2061368206992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0   3179802776862.720215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1   3180486262427.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2   3178442073523.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3   3197363955353.280273                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::0     78.749135                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::1     78.766061                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::2     78.715436                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::3     79.184045                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys0.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    121452796                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     36181963                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        61314                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        63941                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        65079                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        62193                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        64736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        66481                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    158018503                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    121452796                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    121452796                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      8954785                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         5144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         5385                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         5505                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         5226                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         5530                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         5585                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      8987161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst     30363199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     10830178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        61314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        63941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        65079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        62193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        64736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        66481                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::total     41577121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      3137998                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2585                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2712                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2769                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2628                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2785                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2813                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::total      3154291                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2417060917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    720065832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1220224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1272505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1295153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1237718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1288326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1323054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3144763730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2417060917                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2417060917                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    178211301                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       102372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       107168                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       109556                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       104004                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       110054                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       111148                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data           20                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::total    178855624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2417060917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    898277134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1322596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1379673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1404709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1341722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1398380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1434203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           20                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3323619354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total               768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks         2816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total           2816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total                  3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks           11                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                11                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         5095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         5095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         5095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total                15284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         5095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::total            5095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks          56042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               56042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks          56042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         5095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         5095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         5095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total               71326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          3                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                        11                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                       24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                      88                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                   768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                   3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                    768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                2816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           30                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  50247811000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                   24                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                  88                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   202.105263                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.659691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    91.168888                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     21.05%     21.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     21.05%     42.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287           11     57.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean            12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.856406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8                2     50.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24               4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                      598800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                1005600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                     76800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     32.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                      21                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                     80                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               90.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 3589129357.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   90.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   45830437794                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4415104800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT        2620463                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0           1029974.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1           971308.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::2           1028764.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::3           1021507.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0           694824.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                 655248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                 694008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                 689112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0               4245696                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1               4026048                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::2          4162329.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::3          4197273.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0         1629434.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1         1496309.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2         1569300.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3         1542758.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3       695628153644.160034                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0       201959419875.839996                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1       201959149230.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2       201960073615.680023                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3       201959872629.119995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0       2245576114320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1       2245576351728                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2       2245575540864                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3       2245575717168                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         3143171287769.279785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         3143170803517.440430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2         3143171222526.720215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3         3143171194092.479980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0           77.841941                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1           77.841929                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::2           77.841939                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::3           77.841938                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys2.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst    121802592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     36234047                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        60864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        66024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        60443                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        61488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        58477                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        63380                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    158407315                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst    121802592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    121802592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      8984765                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         5036                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         5612                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         5134                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         5235                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         4907                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         5368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      9016057                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst     30450648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     10853750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        60864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        66024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        60443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        61488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        58477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        63380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::total     41675074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      3150524                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2531                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2822                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2584                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2649                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2468                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2701                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::total      3166279                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   2424022290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    721102369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1211269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1313959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1202890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1223687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1163765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1261340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3152501570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   2424022290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2424022290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    178807941                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       100223                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       111686                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       102173                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       104183                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data        97655                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       106830                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::total    179430690                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   2424022290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    899910309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1311492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1425645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1305063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1327870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1261420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1368170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3331932260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             2991090                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2991090                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             127762                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            127762                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                73                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1755                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1670                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             117                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                13                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp                7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      6240957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      6241339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6241339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          764                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      3267946                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      3268710                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3268710                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1495545000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2991260500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    127762000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     63881000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1204500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       878498                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       835000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        58500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         6999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       115500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         6916                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       198501                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         6586                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp        12154                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq         8500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       156496                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        17000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback         4500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                         13507                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                       210656                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                   3118650                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                        13479                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                  8500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                  3118650                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                      210632                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime               163000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime               13000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime             173496                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                             3314                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3522                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    3522    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3522                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              130000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                 191                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          1624443500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded             3118858                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         3055315500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded            3118976                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq            2990968                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp           2990968                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq            127693                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp           127693                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback               73                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              97                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            20                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            117                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq                7                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp               7                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       202114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       195518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       194242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       199736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       186628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       181154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       195412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       204532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total      1559420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       198061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       200364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       192092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       200822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       184586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       181836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       197984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       203574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total      1559404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           23                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       201826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       195698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       194620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       200050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       186618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       181076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       195180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       204270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total      1559414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       198073                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       200004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       191908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       201078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       184522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       182016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       197986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       203720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total      1559405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total               6237643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       105065                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       101764                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       100904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       103747                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave        97130                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave        94378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       101801                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       106193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total       815334                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       103165                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       104112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave        99937                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       104551                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave        96130                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave        94842                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       102904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       105843                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total       818396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       104828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       101863                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       101312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       103901                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave        97215                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave        94321                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       101418                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       106095                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total       815561                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       103062                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       103965                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave        99815                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       104601                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave        96074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave        94761                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       102974                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       105979                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total       818655                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                3267946                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   3585248800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   7333355806                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    272309200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    178976500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       686200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       135800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        28000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       163683                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         9800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        69300                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        19575                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           21                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1104                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp           11                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      4774000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        12000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       262400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         5000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                        20679                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                          32                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                  3118650                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                       20679                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime              5036400                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                 3118650                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                         32                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime               17000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime            5036400                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime             17000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy              77400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded                 21                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy             105200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                 18                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy             149600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                 44                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy              90600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                 19                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy             162000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded                 30                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy              62400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                 16                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy             107000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                 25                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy             121000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                 35                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy          494819600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded             400037                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy          489419600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded             395792                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy         477919000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded            386431                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy         495675600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded            400843                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy         459542400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded            371177                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy         449546000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded            363041                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy         486311000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded            393281                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy         504309400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded            408048                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy        1878260770                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            779705                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy        1878213878                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            779689                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy        1878235873                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            779700                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy        1877854768                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            779691                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       6                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide     0.750000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.750000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq      2990968                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp      2990968                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq       127693                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp       127693                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback           73                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           97                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           20                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          117                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      1559420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      1559404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      1559414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      1559405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      6237643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       815334                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       818396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       815561                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       818655                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      3267946                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2392774400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2691905300                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    114923700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    102154400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       292000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        77600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        16000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        93600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         5600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        28000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        19907                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         1226                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      8775098                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       516400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                 21134                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess            3118650                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess           3118650                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                21133                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime       9291498                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime      9292398                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    626984700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       779715                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    627047900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       779715                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy    626998900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       779714                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    627057800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       779714                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   2794181300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded      3118785                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            3003456                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           3003455                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            127762                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           127762                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             1166                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1772                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1680                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           3452                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1041583                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1037667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1036966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1042867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1047216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1043988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               6263193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       208384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       735955                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       220928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       658767                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       199936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       654280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       235520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       662786                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       234752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       668554                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       200192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       642427                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       189184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        61265                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                5574734                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1501936083                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   3246842149                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    127768487                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     63886477                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     37895000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       886998                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       840000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        72499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       100491                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      2307999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         8550                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          214                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         6507                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           39                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           97                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           64                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           15                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     38185497                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      3416994                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5042500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       734000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       655000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1501500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        43000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       278500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        61000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        15292                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                         222                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                  3118650                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                       14141                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime             28330998                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                 3118650                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime           46397497                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime           3520994                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                            7699                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            17188                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                 17188    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              17188                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1669430559                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            3136029                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          26458492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded               814                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         546768449                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            521260                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy             31499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded                31                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          28053985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded               863                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         536744453                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            519293                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy             31000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded                31                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy         25386991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded              781                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy        539068964                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded           519017                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy            28499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded               28                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy         29906486                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded              920                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy        543662938                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded           522007                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy            30998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded               30                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy         29808487                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded              917                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy        546714948                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded           524168                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.occupancy             9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                9                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.occupancy            63000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded               63                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy         25417495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded              782                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy        544216932                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded           522587                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.occupancy             9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                9                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy            58998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded               58                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy           399494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded               24                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         24023984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              739                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy         10075997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              425                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                7                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_access              30363199                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_access              14471496                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            503320                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numCycles               100496264                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedInsts           28946870                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedOps             28947042                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     24049981                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_func_calls                172                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3318511                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_insts            24049981                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_reads     43715345                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_writes     17592600                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    120839265                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     18148065                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_mem_refs             14471496                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_load_insts           11332713                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_store_insts           3138783                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_busy_cycles         100496264                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.Branches                  4897233                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         14475546     50.01%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemRead        11332713     39.15%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        3138783     10.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::total          28947042                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       502535                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       502535    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       502535                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          785                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          785    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          785                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 40010270.700637                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 28109162.756375                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         1017     20.24%     20.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          103      2.05%     22.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          111      2.21%     24.50% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           99      1.97%     26.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          123      2.45%     28.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          128      2.55%     31.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          176      3.50%     34.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          249      4.96%     39.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          373      7.42%     47.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          298      5.93%     53.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          219      4.36%     57.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          178      3.54%     61.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          175      3.48%     64.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          143      2.85%     67.52% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          190      3.78%     71.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          155      3.09%     74.38% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          217      4.32%     78.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          271      5.39%     84.10% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          656     13.06%     97.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07          143      2.85%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 40004273.193678      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalReadBytes           2010140                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean        62500                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 358391.066962                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         4861     96.76%     96.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           47      0.94%     97.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           11      0.22%     97.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           61      1.21%     99.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           26      0.52%     99.64% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            1      0.02%     99.66% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06            9      0.18%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            5      0.10%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            1      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            2      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 62489.885196      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3140                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       502535                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36879.071109                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32837.102213                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23274.798605                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          203      0.04%      0.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       297289     59.16%     59.20% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        98565     19.61%     78.81% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        80708     16.06%     94.87% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          104      0.02%     94.89% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           97      0.02%     94.91% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         3292      0.66%     95.57% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        19058      3.79%     99.36% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         3213      0.64%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       502535                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          785                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          785    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          785                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       502535                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   135443.014914                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  25234993.075557                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            4      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       161822     32.20%     32.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        36711      7.31%     39.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          127      0.03%     39.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       188827     37.57%     77.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         3209      0.64%     77.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           62      0.01%     77.76% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        80705     16.06%     93.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           29      0.01%     93.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          111      0.02%     93.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           96      0.02%     93.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           50      0.01%     93.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           62      0.01%     93.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           51      0.01%     93.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           33      0.01%     93.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        30636      6.10%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  17874960000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::total        502535                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          785                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 86121108.917197                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 687566439.776524                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          236     30.06%     30.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     30.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     30.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          127     16.18%     46.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     46.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     46.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     46.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          152     19.36%     65.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     65.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     65.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     65.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     65.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     65.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     65.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     65.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     65.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     65.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     65.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          270     34.39%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  18900695500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          785                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        503320                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     135231.772034                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    25215304.862416                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          476      0.09%      0.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          277      0.06%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            5      0.00%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          295      0.06%      0.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       161822     32.15%     32.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        36723      7.30%     39.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%     39.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       188679     37.49%     77.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         3209      0.64%     77.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000          109      0.02%     77.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        80693     16.03%     93.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           29      0.01%     93.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          140      0.03%     93.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           51      0.01%     93.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           54      0.01%     93.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           74      0.01%     93.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           22      0.00%     93.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           33      0.01%     93.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        30629      6.09%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  17874960000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::total          503320                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.367635                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.482209                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         3177     63.24%     63.24% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1847     36.76%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         5024    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::mean   100.025478                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    70.277651                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         1071     21.32%     21.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          162      3.22%     24.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          166      3.30%     27.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          197      3.92%     31.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          310      6.17%     37.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          495      9.85%     47.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          428      8.52%     56.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          278      5.53%     61.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          242      4.82%     66.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          266      5.29%     71.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          271      5.39%     77.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          450      8.96%     86.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          687     13.67%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.156250                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.895978                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::0           4782     95.18%     95.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::1             79      1.57%     96.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::2             47      0.94%     97.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::3             11      0.22%     97.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::4             58      1.15%     99.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::5              3      0.06%     99.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::6             26      0.52%     99.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::7              1      0.02%     99.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::8              8      0.16%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::9              1      0.02%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::10             5      0.10%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::14             1      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::16             2      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     42079656                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     42079656                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      3155076                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      3155076                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave      1006640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     27936352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total     28942992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     60726398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total     60726398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port       800074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total       800074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count::total      90469464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave      2013280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     45136748                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total     47150028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    121452796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total    121452796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port       416120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total       416120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size::total      169018944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  21039828000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  44832256200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   3155076000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   2108098800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     16440203                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     27787773                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       214213                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       498758                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1635886500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  13484482900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      6366000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     99753100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedReq             16654416                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedResp            28286531                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           400037                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqFail               44889                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     23290500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          400037                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespFail               1830                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       371000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1642252500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  13584236000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    252052500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       503320                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  23942851500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         47.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     44731412                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  15374327300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         30.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     14471496                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  31100310800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         61.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     30363199                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    465716900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       400037                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_access              30380590                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_access              14485949                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            507975                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numCycles               100496263                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedInsts           28959977                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedOps             28960153                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     24064427                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_func_calls                176                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3318121                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_insts            24064427                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_reads     43751767                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_writes     17604055                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    120911817                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     18150673                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_mem_refs             14485949                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_load_insts           11343786                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_store_insts           3142163                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_busy_cycles         100496263                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.Branches                  4895902                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         14474204     49.98%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemRead        11343786     39.17%     89.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        3142163     10.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::total          28960153                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       507167                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       507167    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       507167                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          808                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          808    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          808                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 40379538.216561                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 28232212.406149                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          996     19.82%     19.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          110      2.19%     22.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          107      2.13%     24.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          103      2.05%     26.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          120      2.39%     28.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          128      2.55%     31.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          210      4.18%     35.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          239      4.76%     40.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          335      6.67%     46.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          289      5.75%     52.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          225      4.48%     56.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          174      3.46%     60.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          185      3.68%     64.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          177      3.52%     67.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          179      3.56%     71.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          157      3.12%     74.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          198      3.94%     78.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          245      4.88%     83.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          610     12.14%     95.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07          237      4.72%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 40373003.318810      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalReadBytes           2028668                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 64331.210191                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 421899.082635                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         4880     97.13%     97.13% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           28      0.56%     97.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           15      0.30%     97.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           54      1.07%     99.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           21      0.42%     99.48% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            1      0.02%     99.50% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06            9      0.18%     99.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            6      0.12%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            5      0.10%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            2      0.04%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            1      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 64320.799030      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3232                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       507167                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36508.819580                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32551.257878                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23118.835733                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          258      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       302616     59.67%     59.72% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       106597     21.02%     80.74% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        71939     14.18%     94.92% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           96      0.02%     94.94% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          108      0.02%     94.96% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         3216      0.63%     95.60% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        19128      3.77%     99.37% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         3201      0.63%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       507167                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          808                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          808    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          808                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       507167                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   134173.850034                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  25183485.295600                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            7      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       167362     33.00%     33.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        37761      7.45%     40.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          176      0.03%     40.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       195761     38.60%     79.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         3133      0.62%     79.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           49      0.01%     79.71% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        71922     14.18%     93.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           34      0.01%     93.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          118      0.02%     93.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           94      0.02%     93.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           42      0.01%     93.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           46      0.01%     93.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           60      0.01%     93.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           30      0.01%     93.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        30572      6.03%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  17920722000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::total        507167                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          808                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 84178874.381188                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 674085569.133844                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          282     34.90%     34.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     34.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     34.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          175     21.66%     56.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     56.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     56.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     56.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          119     14.73%     71.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     71.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     71.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     71.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     71.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     71.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     71.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     71.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     71.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     71.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     71.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          232     28.71%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  18704050000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          808                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        507975                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     133960.429155                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    25163447.844871                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          571      0.11%      0.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          290      0.06%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            1      0.00%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          233      0.05%      0.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       167362     32.95%     33.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        37770      7.44%     40.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            1      0.00%     40.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       195653     38.52%     79.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         3133      0.62%     79.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           99      0.02%     79.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        71913     14.16%     93.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           34      0.01%     93.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          150      0.03%     93.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           45      0.01%     93.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           44      0.01%     93.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           57      0.01%     93.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           28      0.01%     93.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           30      0.01%     93.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        30561      6.02%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  17920722000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::total          507975                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.363455                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.481042                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         3198     63.65%     63.65% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1826     36.35%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         5024    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::mean   100.948846                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    70.592893                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         1048     20.86%     20.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          168      3.34%     24.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          167      3.32%     27.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          199      3.96%     31.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          315      6.27%     37.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          474      9.43%     47.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          411      8.18%     55.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          296      5.89%     61.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          280      5.57%     66.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          247      4.92%     71.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          280      5.57%     77.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          400      7.96%     85.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          736     14.65%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            3      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.160828                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.054748                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::0-1         4880     97.13%     97.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::2-3           43      0.86%     97.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::4-5           54      1.07%     99.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::6-7           22      0.44%     99.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::8-9            9      0.18%     99.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::10-11            6      0.12%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::12-13            5      0.10%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::14-15            2      0.04%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::16-17            1      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::18-19            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::20-21            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::22-23            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::24-25            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::26-27            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::28-29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::30-31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::32-33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::34-35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::36-37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::38-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     42104065                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     42104064                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      3158267                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      3158267                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.Smon-slave      1015950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     27955948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total     28971898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     60761181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total     60761181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port       791584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::total       791584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count::total      90524663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.Smon-slave      2031900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     45176312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total     47208212                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port    121522360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total    121522360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port       411704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::total       411704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size::total      169142276                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  21052032500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  44857847600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   3158267000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   2109458100                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     16449927                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     27802114                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       217301                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       503226                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1637181500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  13489040000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      6477500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    100646700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedReq             16667228                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedResp            28305340                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           395792                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqFail               44638                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     23124000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          395792                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespFail               2411                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       493700                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1643659000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  13589686700                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    254391500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       507975                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  23955908000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         47.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     44754357                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  15387291700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         30.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     14485949                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  31119291600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         61.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     30380590                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    460722400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       395792                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_access              30450648                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_access              14508804                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            504530                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numCycles               100496264                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedInsts           29020032                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedOps             29020242                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     24108119                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_func_calls                210                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3327808                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_insts            24108119                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_reads     43822828                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_writes     17628715                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    121132668                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     18193702                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_mem_refs             14508804                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_load_insts           11357314                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_store_insts           3151490                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_busy_cycles         100496264                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.Branches                  4912333                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         14511438     50.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemRead        11357314     39.14%     89.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        3151490     10.86%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::total          29020242                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       503564                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       503564    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       503564                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          966                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          966    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          966                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 40091321.656051                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 27683284.358141                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          947     18.85%     18.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          100      1.99%     20.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          124      2.47%     23.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          119      2.37%     25.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          140      2.79%     28.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          139      2.77%     31.23% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          196      3.90%     35.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          211      4.20%     39.33% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          362      7.21%     46.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          327      6.51%     53.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          287      5.71%     58.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          194      3.86%     62.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          176      3.50%     66.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          143      2.85%     68.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          169      3.36%     72.33% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          162      3.22%     75.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          192      3.82%     79.38% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          228      4.54%     83.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          610     12.14%     96.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07          198      3.94%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 40086186.686502      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalReadBytes           2014256                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 76910.828025                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 426636.899025                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         4835     96.24%     96.24% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           45      0.90%     97.13% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           16      0.32%     97.45% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           71      1.41%     98.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           28      0.56%     99.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           12      0.24%     99.66% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06           10      0.20%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            4      0.08%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            1      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 76898.381018      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3864                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       503564                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36618.036635                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32629.198713                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23185.656042                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          283      0.06%      0.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       299851     59.55%     59.60% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       103296     20.51%     80.11% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        74554     14.81%     94.92% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           91      0.02%     94.94% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          102      0.02%     94.96% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         3040      0.60%     95.56% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        19238      3.82%     99.38% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         3098      0.62%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       503564                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          966                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          966    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          966                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       503564                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   135027.919986                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  25130600.147000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            3      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       168132     33.39%     33.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        36253      7.20%     40.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          193      0.04%     40.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       190499     37.83%     78.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         3141      0.62%     79.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           59      0.01%     79.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        74533     14.80%     93.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           48      0.01%     93.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          125      0.02%     93.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          110      0.02%     93.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           39      0.01%     93.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           51      0.01%     93.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           61      0.01%     93.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           24      0.00%     93.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        30293      6.02%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        13500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  17820278000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::total        503564                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          966                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 70568183.229814                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 605136639.662039                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          326     33.75%     33.75% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     33.75% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     33.75% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          193     19.98%     53.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     53.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     53.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     53.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          161     16.67%     70.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     70.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     70.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     70.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     70.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     70.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     70.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     70.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     70.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     70.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     70.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          286     29.61%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  18408490500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          966                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        504530                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     134769.388342                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    25106529.195787                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          655      0.13%      0.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          356      0.07%      0.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          298      0.06%      0.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       168132     33.32%     33.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        36266      7.19%     40.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%     40.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       190345     37.73%     78.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         3141      0.62%     79.12% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000          120      0.02%     79.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        74520     14.77%     93.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           48      0.01%     93.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          162      0.03%     93.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           50      0.01%     93.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           42      0.01%     93.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           60      0.01%     93.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           24      0.00%     93.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           24      0.00%     94.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        30287      6.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  17820278000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::total          504530                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.364252                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.481268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         3194     63.57%     63.57% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1830     36.43%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         5024    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::mean   100.228105                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    69.195279                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          995     19.80%     19.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          174      3.46%     23.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          196      3.90%     27.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          220      4.38%     31.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          302      6.01%     37.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          467      9.30%     46.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          499      9.93%     56.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          326      6.49%     63.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          244      4.86%     68.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          250      4.98%     73.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          259      5.16%     78.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          388      7.72%     85.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          703     13.99%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.192277                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.066592                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::0-1         4835     96.24%     96.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::2-3           61      1.21%     97.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::4-5           71      1.41%     98.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::6-7           28      0.56%     99.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::8-9           12      0.24%     99.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::10-11           10      0.20%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::12-13            4      0.08%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::14-15            1      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::16-17            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::18-19            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::20-21            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::22-23            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::24-25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::26-27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::28-29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::30-31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::32-33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::34-35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::36-37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::38-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     42178638                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     42178638                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      3167245                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      3167245                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.Smon-slave      1009060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port     28008548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::total     29017608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port     60901296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::total     60901296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port       772862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::total       772862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count::total      90691766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.Smon-slave      2018120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port     45218812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::total     47236932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port    121802592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::total    121802592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port       401968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::total       401968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size::total      169441492                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  21089319000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  44935168400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   3167245000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   2116443300                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     16480176                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     27867193                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       216609                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       499539                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1640701000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  13526043300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      6410000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     99909300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedReq             16696785                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedResp            28366732                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           386431                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqFail               44252                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     22911000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          386431                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespFail               2161                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       441200                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1647111000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  13625952600                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    252748000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       504530                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  24003816000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         47.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     44841353                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  15411456400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         30.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     14508804                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  31190319800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         62.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     30450648                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    449835500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       386431                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_access              30422729                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_access              14509141                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            510436                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numCycles               100496265                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedInsts           29000425                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedOps             29000591                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     24099843                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_func_calls                166                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3321920                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_insts            24099843                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_reads     43819788                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_writes     17631146                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    121089114                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     18174520                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_mem_refs             14509141                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_load_insts           11362447                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_store_insts           3146694                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_busy_cycles         100496265                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.Branches                  4900914                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         14491450     49.97%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemRead        11362447     39.18%     89.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        3146694     10.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::total          29000591                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       509585                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       509585    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       509585                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          851                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          851    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          851                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 40564251.592357                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 28366820.968706                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          988     19.67%     19.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           95      1.89%     21.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          116      2.31%     23.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          111      2.21%     26.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          135      2.69%     28.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          132      2.63%     31.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          169      3.36%     34.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          245      4.88%     39.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          341      6.79%     46.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          323      6.43%     52.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          255      5.08%     57.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          161      3.20%     61.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          145      2.89%     64.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          166      3.30%     67.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          163      3.24%     70.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          172      3.42%     73.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          189      3.76%     77.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          214      4.26%     82.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          582     11.58%     93.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07          322      6.41%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 40565488.086204      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalReadBytes           2038340                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 67675.159236                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 391516.255438                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         4862     96.78%     96.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           42      0.84%     97.61% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           12      0.24%     97.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           58      1.15%     99.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           22      0.44%     99.44% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            1      0.02%     99.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           16      0.32%     99.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            3      0.06%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            4      0.08%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            3      0.06%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 67743.811850      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3404                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       509585                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36249.670811                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32344.817350                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23038.992536                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          231      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       307072     60.26%     60.30% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       110223     21.63%     81.93% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        66306     13.01%     94.95% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          115      0.02%     94.97% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          108      0.02%     94.99% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         3168      0.62%     95.61% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        19151      3.76%     99.37% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         3193      0.63%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            6      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       509585                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          851                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          851    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          851                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       509585                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   133312.024491                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  24984500.448304                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            3      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       169910     33.34%     33.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        39409      7.73%     41.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          160      0.03%     41.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       199348     39.12%     80.23% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         3384      0.66%     80.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           54      0.01%     80.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        66323     13.02%     93.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           45      0.01%     93.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          120      0.02%     93.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           91      0.02%     93.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           47      0.01%     93.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           52      0.01%     93.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           54      0.01%     94.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           25      0.00%     94.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        30560      6.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  17821966500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::total        509585                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          851                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 80240838.425382                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 637215260.539767                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          260     30.55%     30.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     30.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     30.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          159     18.68%     49.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     49.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     49.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     49.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          141     16.57%     65.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     65.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     65.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     65.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     65.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            1      0.12%     65.92% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     65.92% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     65.92% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     65.92% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     65.92% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     65.92% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          290     34.08%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  18232802500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          851                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        510436                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     133089.766396                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    24963662.799338                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          523      0.10%      0.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          315      0.06%      0.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            1      0.00%      0.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          299      0.06%      0.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       169910     33.29%     33.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        39417      7.72%     41.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            1      0.00%     41.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       199205     39.03%     80.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         3384      0.66%     80.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000          103      0.02%     80.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        66316     12.99%     93.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           45      0.01%     93.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          147      0.03%     93.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           44      0.01%     93.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           51      0.01%     93.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           64      0.01%     94.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           28      0.01%     94.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           25      0.00%     94.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        30558      5.99%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  17821966500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::total          510436                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.359873                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.480011                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         3216     64.01%     64.01% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1808     35.99%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         5024    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::mean   101.410629                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    70.902756                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         1038     20.66%     20.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          161      3.20%     23.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          179      3.56%     27.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          211      4.20%     31.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          297      5.91%     37.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          476      9.47%     47.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          466      9.28%     56.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          279      5.55%     61.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          231      4.60%     66.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          237      4.72%     71.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          282      5.61%     76.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          360      7.17%     83.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          806     16.04%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.169188                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.978791                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::0           4773     95.00%     95.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::1             89      1.77%     96.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::2             42      0.84%     97.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::3             12      0.24%     97.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::4             54      1.07%     98.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::5              4      0.08%     99.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::6             22      0.44%     99.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::7              1      0.02%     99.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::8             15      0.30%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::9              1      0.02%     99.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::10             3      0.06%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::12             3      0.06%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::13             1      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::14             3      0.06%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::16             1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     42169849                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     42169848                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      3162865                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      3162865                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave      1020872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     27997410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total     29018282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     60845459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total     60845459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port       801686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total       801686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count::total      90665427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave      2041744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     45251397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total     47293141                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port    121690916                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total    121690916                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port       416800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total       416800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size::total      169400857                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  21084924500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  44928802000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   3162865000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   2112195700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     16476444                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     27839098                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       218502                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       505536                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1640798000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  13505503300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      6481000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    101108200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedReq             16694946                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedResp            28344634                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           400843                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqFail               45637                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     23660000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          400843                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespFail               1786                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       365200                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1647279000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  13606611500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    255643500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       510436                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  23992146000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         47.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     44822278                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  15411304200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         30.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     14509141                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  31162935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         62.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     30422729                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    466758500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       400843                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_access              31180648                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_access              14798011                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            484739                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numCycles               100496263                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedInsts           29707088                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedOps             29707240                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     24643866                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_func_calls                152                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3423283                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_insts            24643866                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_reads     44730750                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_writes     17993523                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    123834801                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     18661906                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_mem_refs             14798011                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_load_insts           11571027                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_store_insts           3226984                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_busy_cycles         100496263                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.Branches                  5063526                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         14909229     50.19%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemRead        11571027     38.95%     89.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        3226984     10.86%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::total          29707240                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       483859                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       483859    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       483859                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          880                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          880    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          880                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 38514729.299363                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 27821301.548187                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         1009     20.08%     20.08% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          126      2.51%     22.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          131      2.61%     25.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          152      3.03%     28.22% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          141      2.81%     31.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          154      3.07%     34.10% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          174      3.46%     37.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          249      4.96%     42.52% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          389      7.74%     50.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          280      5.57%     55.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          253      5.04%     60.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          171      3.40%     64.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          144      2.87%     67.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          154      3.07%     70.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          182      3.62%     73.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          160      3.18%     77.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          190      3.78%     80.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          229      4.56%     85.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          558     11.11%     96.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07          178      3.54%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 38517571.160655      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalReadBytes           1935436                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 69984.076433                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 416012.756203                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         4858     96.70%     96.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           49      0.98%     97.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           22      0.44%     98.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           38      0.76%     98.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           21      0.42%     99.28% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            2      0.04%     99.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           16      0.32%     99.64% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            9      0.18%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            3      0.06%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            5      0.10%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 70052.355379      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3520                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       483859                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36504.940489                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32568.954469                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23091.747566                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          230      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       286424     59.20%     59.24% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       106803     22.07%     81.32% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        65781     13.60%     94.91% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          106      0.02%     94.93% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          104      0.02%     94.95% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         3062      0.63%     95.59% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        18316      3.79%     99.37% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         3020      0.62%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       483859                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          880                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          880    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          880                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       483859                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   140371.790129                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  25671861.048453                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            5      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       158916     32.84%     32.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        32966      6.81%     39.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          160      0.03%     39.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       192960     39.88%     79.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         3373      0.70%     80.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           49      0.01%     80.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        65778     13.59%     93.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           46      0.01%     93.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          100      0.02%     93.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          101      0.02%     93.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           38      0.01%     93.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           54      0.01%     93.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           62      0.01%     93.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           29      0.01%     93.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        29220      6.04%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  17843467000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::total        483859                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          880                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 76761973.863636                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 620154110.702969                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          267     30.34%     30.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     30.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     30.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          160     18.18%     48.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     48.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     48.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     48.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          173     19.66%     68.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     68.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     68.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     68.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     68.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     68.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     68.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     68.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     68.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     68.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     68.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          280     31.82%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  18009300500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          880                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        484739                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     140116.957786                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    25648545.476494                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          539      0.11%      0.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          337      0.07%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            1      0.00%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          316      0.07%      0.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       158916     32.78%     33.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        32982      6.80%     39.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%     39.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       192800     39.77%     79.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         3373      0.70%     80.30% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           89      0.02%     80.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        65762     13.57%     93.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           46      0.01%     93.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          129      0.03%     93.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           61      0.01%     93.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           44      0.01%     93.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           64      0.01%     93.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           33      0.01%     93.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           29      0.01%     93.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        29218      6.03%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  17843467000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::total          484739                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.358081                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.479484                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         3225     64.19%     64.19% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1799     35.81%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000199                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.014108                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         5023     99.98%     99.98% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            1      0.02%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::mean    96.286624                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    69.563709                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         1063     21.16%     21.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          207      4.12%     25.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          225      4.48%     29.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          238      4.74%     34.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          279      5.55%     40.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          530     10.55%     50.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          423      8.42%     59.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          293      5.83%     64.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          227      4.52%     69.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          253      5.04%     74.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          263      5.23%     79.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          373      7.42%     87.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          649     12.92%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.174960                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.040032                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::0           4782     95.18%     95.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::1             76      1.51%     96.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::2             49      0.98%     97.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::3             22      0.44%     98.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::4             31      0.62%     98.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::5              7      0.14%     98.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::6             21      0.42%     99.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::7              2      0.04%     99.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::8             16      0.32%     99.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%     99.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::10             9      0.18%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::12             3      0.06%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::14             5      0.10%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::16             1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     43107283                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     43107282                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      3242554                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      3242554                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave       969478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     28626544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total     29596022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     62361297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total     62361297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port       742354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total       742354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count::total      92699673                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave      1938956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     46046531                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total     47985487                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port    124722592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total    124722592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port       386549                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total       386549                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size::total      173094628                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  21553641500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  45917944000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   3242554000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   2173035400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     16846154                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     28545484                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       206927                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       480044                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1675990500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  13882733400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      6267000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     96009300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedReq             17053081                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedResp            29025528                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           371177                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqFail               42386                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     21922000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          371177                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespFail               1691                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       345700                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1682257500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  13978742700                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    242809500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       484739                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  24553386000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         48.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     45865098                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  15728014600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         31.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     14798011                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  31931168600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         63.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     31180648                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    431796200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       371177                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_access              31581718                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_access              14955949                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            473388                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numCycles               100496265                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedInsts           30084118                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedOps             30084322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     24937468                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_func_calls                204                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3475834                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_insts            24937468                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_reads     45226998                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_writes     18192949                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    125315064                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     18918544                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_mem_refs             14955948                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_load_insts           11687365                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_store_insts           3268583                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_busy_cycles         100496265                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.Branches                  5147058                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         15128374     50.29%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemRead        11687365     38.85%     89.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        3268583     10.86%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::total          30084322                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       472491                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       472491    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       472491                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          897                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          897    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          897                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 37609792.993631                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 27895713.181294                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         1099     21.88%     21.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          129      2.57%     24.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          122      2.43%     26.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          112      2.23%     29.10% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          120      2.39%     31.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          156      3.11%     34.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          210      4.18%     38.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          283      5.63%     44.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          354      7.05%     51.45% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          315      6.27%     57.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          203      4.04%     61.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          157      3.12%     64.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          158      3.14%     68.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          140      2.79%     70.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          192      3.82%     74.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          168      3.34%     77.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          193      3.84%     81.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          222      4.42%     86.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          519     10.33%     96.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07          172      3.42%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 37612622.097076      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalReadBytes           1889964                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 71417.197452                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 411843.263260                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         4849     96.52%     96.52% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           47      0.94%     97.45% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           14      0.28%     97.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           50      1.00%     98.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           38      0.76%     99.48% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            4      0.08%     99.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06            9      0.18%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            7      0.14%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            4      0.08%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 71405.639517      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3588                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       472491                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36479.482149                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32513.847978                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23137.593328                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          268      0.06%      0.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       283236     59.95%     60.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        97663     20.67%     80.67% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        67308     14.25%     94.92% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          100      0.02%     94.94% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          111      0.02%     94.96% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         2929      0.62%     95.58% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        17971      3.80%     99.39% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         2897      0.61%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       472491                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          897                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          897    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          897                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       472491                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   143814.183762                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  25931917.283692                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       153072     32.40%     32.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        36351      7.69%     40.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          181      0.04%     40.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       183411     38.82%     78.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         3063      0.65%     79.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           33      0.01%     79.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        67303     14.24%     93.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           34      0.01%     93.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          134      0.03%     93.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           96      0.02%     93.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           46      0.01%     93.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           63      0.01%     93.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           71      0.02%     93.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           27      0.01%     93.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        28606      6.05%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        32500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  17810012500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::total        472491                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          897                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 75243092.530658                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 623755361.702747                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          307     34.23%     34.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     34.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     34.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          180     20.07%     54.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     54.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     54.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     54.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          133     14.83%     69.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     69.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     69.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     69.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     69.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     69.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     69.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     69.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     69.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     69.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     69.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          277     30.88%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  18241712500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          897                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        473388                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     143541.677229                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    25907336.087234                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          614      0.13%      0.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          309      0.07%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            3      0.00%      0.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          265      0.06%      0.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       153072     32.34%     32.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        36364      7.68%     40.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            1      0.00%     40.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       183287     38.72%     78.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         3063      0.65%     79.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           85      0.02%     79.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        67290     14.21%     93.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           34      0.01%     93.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          169      0.04%     93.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           44      0.01%     93.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           51      0.01%     93.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           70      0.01%     93.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           36      0.01%     93.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           27      0.01%     93.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        28604      6.04%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  17810012500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::total          473388                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.348726                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.476615                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         3272     65.13%     65.13% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1752     34.87%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         5024    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::mean    94.024283                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    69.737666                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         1157     23.03%     23.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          200      3.98%     27.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          168      3.34%     30.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          223      4.44%     34.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          352      7.01%     41.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          510     10.15%     51.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          427      8.50%     60.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          256      5.10%     65.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          225      4.48%     70.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          250      4.98%     75.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          292      5.81%     80.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          374      7.44%     88.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          589     11.72%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.178543                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.029608                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::0-1         4849     96.52%     96.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::2-3           61      1.21%     97.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::4-5           50      1.00%     98.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::6-7           42      0.84%     99.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::8-9            9      0.18%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::10-11            7      0.14%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::12-13            4      0.08%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::14-15            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::16-17            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::18-19            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::20-21            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::22-23            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::24-25            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::26-27            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::28-29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::30-31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::32-33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::34-35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::36-37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::38-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     43616637                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     43616637                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      3284071                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      3284071                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave       946776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     28965121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total     29911897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     63163437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total     63163437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port       726082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total       726082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count::total      93801416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave      1893552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     46496493                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total     48390045                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port    126326876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total    126326876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port       378302                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total       378302                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size::total      175095223                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  21808318500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  46456815600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   3284071000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   2204299300                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     17047551                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     28919008                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       201152                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       469125                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1695971500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  14079192400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      6050000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     93827000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedReq             17248703                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedResp            29388133                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           363041                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqFail               41822                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     21674500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          363041                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespFail               2341                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       479700                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1702021500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  14173019400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    237142500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       473388                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  24855247000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         49.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     46427320                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  15900887100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         31.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     14955948                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  32338183200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         64.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     31581719                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    422044600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       363041                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_access              30735316                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_access              14620186                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            494601                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numCycles               100496265                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedInsts           29294026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedOps             29294222                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     24321431                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_func_calls                196                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3366280                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_insts            24321431                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_reads     44178687                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_writes     17776542                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    122207691                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     18382663                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_mem_refs             14620186                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_load_insts           11441675                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_store_insts           3178511                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_busy_cycles         100496265                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.Branches                  4972987                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         14674036     50.09%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemRead        11441675     39.06%     89.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        3178511     10.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::total          29294222                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       493732                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       493732    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       493732                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          869                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          869    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          869                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 39301831.210191                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 27824150.968106                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          975     19.41%     19.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          108      2.15%     21.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          129      2.57%     24.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          142      2.83%     26.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          135      2.69%     29.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          150      2.99%     32.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          189      3.76%     36.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          261      5.20%     41.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          384      7.64%     49.22% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          290      5.77%     55.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          223      4.44%     59.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          184      3.66%     63.10% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          172      3.42%     66.52% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          132      2.63%     69.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          172      3.42%     72.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          168      3.34%     75.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          184      3.66%     79.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          243      4.84%     84.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          625     12.44%     96.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07          158      3.14%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 39303510.825039      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalReadBytes           1974928                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 69187.898089                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 391129.567493                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         4856     96.66%     96.66% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           30      0.60%     97.25% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           27      0.54%     97.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           58      1.15%     98.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           30      0.60%     99.54% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            1      0.02%     99.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           10      0.20%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            5      0.10%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            3      0.06%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            3      0.06%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 69176.700937      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3476                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       493732                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36733.145715                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32715.313096                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23238.304666                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          266      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       293219     59.39%     59.44% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        99461     20.14%     79.59% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        75504     15.29%     94.88% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          104      0.02%     94.90% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          105      0.02%     94.92% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         3202      0.65%     95.57% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        18783      3.80%     99.37% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         3076      0.62%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       493732                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          869                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          869    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          869                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       493732                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   137770.507077                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  25405003.492448                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       161303     32.67%     32.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        34922      7.07%     39.74% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          180      0.04%     39.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       187798     38.04%     77.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         3463      0.70%     78.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           54      0.01%     78.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        75501     15.29%     93.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           45      0.01%     93.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          118      0.02%     93.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           92      0.02%     93.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           49      0.01%     93.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           48      0.01%     93.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           69      0.01%     93.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           32      0.01%     93.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        30058      6.09%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        32500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  17837545500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::total        493732                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          869                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 78305847.525892                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 639573877.084840                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          290     33.37%     33.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     33.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     33.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          179     20.60%     53.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     53.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     53.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     53.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          127     14.61%     68.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     68.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     68.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     68.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     68.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     68.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     68.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     68.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     68.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     68.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     68.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          273     31.42%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  18474991500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          869                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        494601                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     137528.448183                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    25382674.249945                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          580      0.12%      0.12% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          312      0.06%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            3      0.00%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          268      0.05%      0.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       161303     32.61%     32.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        34928      7.06%     39.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            1      0.00%     39.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       187671     37.94%     77.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         3463      0.70%     78.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000          107      0.02%     78.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        75495     15.26%     93.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           45      0.01%     93.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          157      0.03%     93.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           41      0.01%     93.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           53      0.01%     93.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           66      0.01%     93.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           30      0.01%     93.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           32      0.01%     93.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        30046      6.07%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  17837545500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::total          494601                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.368232                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.482373                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         3174     63.18%     63.18% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1850     36.82%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         5024    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::mean    98.254379                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    69.557815                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         1030     20.50%     20.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          185      3.68%     24.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          212      4.22%     28.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          226      4.50%     32.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          315      6.27%     39.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          533     10.61%     49.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          419      8.34%     58.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          282      5.61%     63.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          229      4.56%     68.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          248      4.94%     73.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          265      5.27%     78.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          401      7.98%     86.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          679     13.52%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.172970                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.977824                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::0           4775     95.04%     95.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::1             81      1.61%     96.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::2             30      0.60%     97.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::3             27      0.54%     97.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::4             54      1.07%     98.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::5              4      0.08%     98.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::6             30      0.60%     99.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::7              1      0.02%     99.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::8             10      0.20%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::10             5      0.10%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::12             3      0.06%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::14             3      0.06%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::16             1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     42554238                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     42554238                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      3194545                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      3194545                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.Smon-slave       989202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     28251170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total     29240372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     61470632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total     61470632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port       786562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total       786562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count::total      91497566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.Smon-slave      1978404                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     45554893                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total     47533297                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port    122941264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total    122941264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port       409097                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total       409097                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size::total      170883658                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  21277119000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  45334692200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   3194545000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   2137443300                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     16628517                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     28132249                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       210605                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       489998                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1655149500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  13665515800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      6331500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     97999600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedReq             16839122                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedResp            28622247                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           393281                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqFail               44579                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     23095000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          393281                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespFail               2513                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       515600                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1661481000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  13763515400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    247735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       494601                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  24223929000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         48.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     45254182                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  15535863500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         30.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     14620186                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  31478614200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         62.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     30735316                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    457657800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       393281                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_access              30095172                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_access              14363381                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            509767                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numCycles               100496264                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedInsts           28693364                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedOps             28693544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     23851093                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_func_calls                180                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3283822                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_insts            23851093                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_reads     43376587                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_writes     17455739                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    119836449                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     17976694                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_mem_refs             14363381                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_load_insts           11251939                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_store_insts           3111442                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_busy_cycles         100496264                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.Branches                  4842631                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         14330163     49.94%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemRead        11251939     39.21%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        3111442     10.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::total          28693544                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       508858                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       508858    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       508858                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          909                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          909    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          909                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 40514171.974522                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 27863704.392769                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          969     19.29%     19.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          107      2.13%     21.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           98      1.95%     23.37% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           95      1.89%     25.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          133      2.65%     27.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          132      2.63%     30.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          173      3.44%     33.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          223      4.44%     38.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          401      7.98%     46.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          321      6.39%     52.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          258      5.14%     57.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          160      3.18%     61.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          175      3.48%     64.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          146      2.91%     67.50% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          178      3.54%     71.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          171      3.40%     74.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          187      3.72%     78.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          287      5.71%     83.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          670     13.34%     97.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07          140      2.79%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 40507615.288067      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalReadBytes           2035432                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 72372.611465                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 415143.685977                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         4853     96.60%     96.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           41      0.82%     97.41% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           11      0.22%     97.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           61      1.21%     98.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           23      0.46%     99.30% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            1      0.02%     99.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           14      0.28%     99.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06           13      0.26%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            1      0.02%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            3      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            3      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 72360.898909      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3636                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       508858                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36977.876932                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32912.547493                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23315.412776                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          281      0.06%      0.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       299518     58.86%     58.92% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        99246     19.50%     78.42% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        83686     16.45%     94.87% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          112      0.02%     94.89% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           95      0.02%     94.91% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         3116      0.61%     95.52% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        19642      3.86%     99.38% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         3150      0.62%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            6      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       508858                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          909                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          909    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          909                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       508858                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   133721.255242                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  25057351.431897                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000           23      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       165055     32.44%     32.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        35880      7.05%     39.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          183      0.04%     39.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       189355     37.21%     76.74% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         3194      0.63%     77.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           53      0.01%     77.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        83664     16.44%     93.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           44      0.01%     93.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          111      0.02%     93.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          114      0.02%     93.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           50      0.01%     93.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           54      0.01%     93.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           67      0.01%     93.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           27      0.01%     93.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        30984      6.09%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  17860809000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::total        508858                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          909                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 74759558.855886                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 620713398.705812                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          280     30.80%     30.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     30.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     30.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          183     20.13%     50.94% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     50.94% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     50.94% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     50.94% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          172     18.92%     69.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     69.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     69.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     69.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     69.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     69.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     69.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     69.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     69.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     69.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     69.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          274     30.14%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  18294732500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          909                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        509767                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     133482.807832                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    25034999.022812                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          583      0.11%      0.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          377      0.07%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          321      0.06%      0.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       165055     32.38%     32.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        35880      7.04%     39.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%     39.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       189179     37.11%     76.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         3194      0.63%     77.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           99      0.02%     77.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        83664     16.41%     93.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           44      0.01%     93.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          147      0.03%     93.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           69      0.01%     93.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           61      0.01%     93.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           71      0.01%     93.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           31      0.01%     93.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           27      0.01%     93.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        30965      6.07%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  17860809000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::total          509767                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.362261                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.480702                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         3204     63.77%     63.77% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1820     36.23%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         5024    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::mean   101.285430                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    69.653545                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         1035     20.60%     20.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          135      2.69%     23.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          174      3.46%     26.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          203      4.04%     30.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          272      5.41%     36.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          528     10.51%     46.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          475      9.45%     56.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          289      5.75%     61.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          235      4.68%     66.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          257      5.12%     71.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          266      5.29%     77.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          454      9.04%     86.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          701     13.95%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.180932                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.037859                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::0           4784     95.22%     95.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::1             69      1.37%     96.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::2             41      0.82%     97.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::3             11      0.22%     97.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::4             57      1.13%     98.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::5              4      0.08%     98.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::6             23      0.46%     99.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::7              1      0.02%     99.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::8             13      0.26%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::9              1      0.02%     99.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::10            13      0.26%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::11             1      0.02%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::12             3      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::14             3      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::total         5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     41738881                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     41738881                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      3127720                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      3127720                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.Smon-slave      1019534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port     27707228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::total     28726762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port     60190344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::total     60190344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port       816096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::total       816096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count::total      89733202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.Smon-slave      2039068                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port     44821513                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::total     46860581                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port    120380688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::total    120380688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port       424110                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::total       424110                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size::total      167665379                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  20869440500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  44472131800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   3127720000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   2087710200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     16306550                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     27537569                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       217983                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       504798                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1623499500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  13354341300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      6529500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    100959600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedReq             16524533                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedResp            28042367                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           408048                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqFail               45829                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     23692500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          408048                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespFail               2294                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       464800                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1630029000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  13455300900                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    255338000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       509767                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  23741822500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         47.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     44356834                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  15256167800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         30.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     14363381                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  30828406400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         61.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     30095172                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    475267800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       408048                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                       129                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16022.395923                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        1636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     12.682171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9238.650829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst  1130.597216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  1356.977365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst   307.811144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   431.014388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.itb.walker            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst  1006.403307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data  1283.607588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst           23                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   126.992497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst   173.575648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data    72.745598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst    47.066231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data    72.006797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst           55                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data    80.181059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   375.001569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   231.764687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.563882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.069006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.082823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.018787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.026307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.061426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.078345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.001404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.007751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.010594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.004440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.002873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.004395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.003357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.004894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.022888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.014146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.977929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16056                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15953                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000610                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.979980                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     76241                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    76241                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst          814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst          863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst          781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst          920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           55                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    8097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             1166                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  1166                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   20                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst           814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data           514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst           863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data           316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst           781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data           317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst           920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data           321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           55                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst           917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data           284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst           782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data           211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     8158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst          814                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data          514                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst          863                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data          316                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst          781                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data          317                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst          920                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data          321                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           55                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          917                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data          284                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          782                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data          211                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          735                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          130                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    8158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                    11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 94                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                     21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data           10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                    21                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       497000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       579500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         1448500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       261000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       131000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       196000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       783500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       261500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       746000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       189500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1066000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       189500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1243000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       579500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       189500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total          2514500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       189500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1243000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       579500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       189500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total         2514500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           55                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                8108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1166                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              1166                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              114                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data          317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data          319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data          321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           55                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data          294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 8179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data          515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data          317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data          319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data          321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           55                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data          294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                8179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.003215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.003236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.014286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.004926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.005413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.001357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.947368                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.782609                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.906250                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.824561                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.666667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.140845                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.001942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.003155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.006270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.034014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.004717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.005413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.015152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.002568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.001942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.003155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.006270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.034014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.004717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.005413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.015152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.002568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       144875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131681.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  7222.222222                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        14500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10833.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  7277.777778                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 10916.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  6758.620690                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8335.106383                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 21666.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 21833.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        65500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 21833.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13075                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 124333.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        94750                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       106600                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        94750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       144875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        94750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119738.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        94750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       144875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        94750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119738.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   73                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        73                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            94                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total                21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total               21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       453000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       535500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1327500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       488000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       976500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       325000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       975500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       326000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       434000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1574500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5099500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       162000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       217000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       108500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       217500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       163000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       163500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1086000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       680000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       167500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       956000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       167500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1133000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       535500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       167500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2283500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       167500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1133000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       535500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       167500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2283500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  14952196445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  14903255948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  14889848919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  14975593428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  15042144936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  14995262432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       100499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  89758642607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    639688500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    638747498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data    640177499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    640574499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data    639750498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data    640046495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data        80000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       190998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3839255987                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  15591884945                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  15542003446                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  15530026418                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  15616167927                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  15681895434                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  15635308927                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       180499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       430998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  93597898594                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.003215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.003236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.014286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.004926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.005413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.001357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.782609                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.906250                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.824561                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.001942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.003155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.006270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.034014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.004717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.005413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.015152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.001942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.003155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.006270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.034014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.004717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.005413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.015152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       133875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120681.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54222.222222                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54166.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54194.444444                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54293.103448                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        54250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        54375                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54333.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        54300                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 113333.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        83750                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        95600                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        83750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       133875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        83750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108738.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        83750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       133875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        83750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108738.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                      13507                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples       747868                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.002387                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000052                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.780144                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         747861    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            7      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total        747868                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31817                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.064337                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.578596                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     4.717801                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31807     99.97%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           10      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31817                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples          5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     14919804.936306                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1575331.142335                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06           39      0.78%      0.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           14      0.28%      1.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           27      0.54%      1.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07         4939     98.31%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            1      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            2      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total            5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        14919022.263355      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                    749653                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1307066.082803                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   1259967.162848                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06         4569     90.94%     90.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06          445      8.86%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            9      0.18%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total           5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       1307133.168652      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                  65681                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples          747868                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       11359.983446                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      11358.121125                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev        309.291526                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::8192-16383       747861    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            7      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total            747868                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples          31807                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean      11496.013456                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11492.912364                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev       270.474517                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        30890     97.12%     97.12% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          916      2.88%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total            31807                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples              747868                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           67220.252772                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          58751.064166                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                  157      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000              670      0.09%      0.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000            1728      0.23%      0.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000            4860      0.65%      0.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000            8817      1.18%      2.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000           14699      1.97%      4.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000           20984      2.81%      6.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000           27980      3.74%     10.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000           37546      5.02%     15.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000           45469      6.08%     21.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000           55331      7.40%     29.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000           61936      8.28%     37.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000           71401      9.55%     47.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000           74747      9.99%     57.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000           78160     10.45%     67.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000           76540     10.23%     77.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000           63445      8.48%     86.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000           48810      6.53%     92.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000           22601      3.02%     95.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1277      0.17%     95.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             30710      4.11%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          30646000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                747868                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples             31817                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         1578578.747211                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1655623.254599                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              4      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             2      0.01%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            16      0.05%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            18      0.06%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            41      0.13%      0.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            39      0.12%      0.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            78      0.25%      0.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            83      0.26%      0.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            90      0.28%      1.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000           114      0.36%      1.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000           130      0.41%      1.93% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000           170      0.53%      2.47% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000           148      0.47%      2.93% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000           168      0.53%      3.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000           167      0.52%      3.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000           147      0.46%      4.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            87      0.27%      4.72% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            35      0.11%      4.83% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          299      0.94%      5.77% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows           29981     94.23%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value            7000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value        29574000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total               31817                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                779685                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             64476.244894                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            54907.205641                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                    166      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                729      0.09%      0.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000              1890      0.24%      0.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000              5223      0.67%      1.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000              9591      1.23%      2.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000             15897      2.04%      4.30% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000             22777      2.92%      7.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000             30386      3.90%     11.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000             40701      5.22%     16.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000             49368      6.33%     22.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000             60058      7.70%     30.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000             67412      8.65%     39.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000             77477      9.94%     48.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000             81201     10.41%     59.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000             84916     10.89%     70.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000             83136     10.66%     80.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000             69065      8.86%     89.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000             53521      6.86%     96.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000             23834      3.06%     99.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000              280      0.04%     99.74% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows                2057      0.26%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            29574000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                  779685                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.168193                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.374075                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0             4179     83.18%     83.18% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              845     16.82%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.005374                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.073119                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0            4997     99.46%     99.46% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1              27      0.54%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples              5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean           148.842755                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev           13.041289                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-7                     4      0.08%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-15                    1      0.02%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-23                   2      0.04%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-31                  31      0.62%      0.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-39                   2      0.04%      0.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::40-47                   4      0.08%      0.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-55                   1      0.02%      0.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::56-63                   1      0.02%      0.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-71                   1      0.02%      0.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::72-79                   8      0.16%      1.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::80-87                   1      0.02%      1.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::88-95                   2      0.04%      1.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::96-103                 11      0.22%      1.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::104-111                 3      0.06%      1.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::112-119                 1      0.02%      1.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::120-127                18      0.36%      1.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::128-135                 2      0.04%      1.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::136-143                26      0.52%      2.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::144-151              3241     64.51%     66.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::152-159              1664     33.12%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples             5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            6.331409                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           2.189836                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                     13      0.26%      0.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                     43      0.86%      1.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    114      2.27%      3.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                    287      5.71%      9.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                    555     11.05%     20.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                    769     15.31%     35.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                    938     18.67%     54.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                    885     17.62%     71.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                    617     12.28%     84.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                    426      8.48%     92.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                   214      4.26%     96.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                   104      2.07%     98.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                    38      0.76%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                    16      0.32%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     4      0.08%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total               5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples       747703                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.000682                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000015                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.417052                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         747701    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total        747703                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31984                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.194316                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.590615                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     7.237847                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31959     99.92%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           25      0.08%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31984                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples          5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     14891102.707006                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1326416.715893                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06            4      0.08%      0.08% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06           36      0.72%      0.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            5      0.10%      0.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06           10      0.20%      1.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07           14      0.28%      1.37% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07           17      0.34%      1.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07          339      6.75%      8.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07         4597     91.50%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total            5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        14890364.481609      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                    748213                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1391600.318471                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   1907443.508806                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         5001     99.54%     99.54% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.54% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           22      0.44%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total           5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       1396728.539083      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                  70183                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples          747703                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       11359.402463                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      11357.828873                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev        276.684121                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383          747700    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total            747703                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples          31958                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean      11496.276363                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11493.219216                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev       268.397705                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        31063     97.20%     97.20% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          894      2.80%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total            31958                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples              747703                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           67225.490603                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          62587.087936                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                  132      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000              598      0.08%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000            1752      0.23%      0.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000            4512      0.60%      0.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000            9431      1.26%      2.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000           13500      1.81%      4.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000           20478      2.74%      6.74% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000           28853      3.86%     10.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000           38227      5.11%     15.71% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000           46281      6.19%     21.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000           55010      7.36%     29.26% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000           61568      8.23%     37.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000           70581      9.44%     46.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000           75220     10.06%     56.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000           78966     10.56%     67.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000           76310     10.21%     77.76% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000           62702      8.39%     86.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000           48613      6.50%     92.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000           22826      3.05%     95.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1300      0.17%     95.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             30843      4.13%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          35855000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                747703                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples             31984                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         1571965.263882                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1661960.103010                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              3      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             5      0.02%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            11      0.03%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            14      0.04%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            31      0.10%      0.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            55      0.17%      0.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            63      0.20%      0.57% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            87      0.27%      0.84% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000           119      0.37%      1.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000           113      0.35%      1.57% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000           145      0.45%      2.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000           140      0.44%      2.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000           164      0.51%      2.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000           178      0.56%      3.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000           178      0.56%      4.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000           132      0.41%      4.50% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            87      0.27%      4.77% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            35      0.11%      4.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          272      0.85%      5.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows           30152     94.27%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value            9000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value        33809000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total               31984                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                779687                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             64484.513657                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            56286.499658                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                    138      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                645      0.08%      0.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000              1925      0.25%      0.35% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000              4902      0.63%      0.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000             10166      1.30%      2.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000             14681      1.88%      4.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000             22303      2.86%      7.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000             31318      4.02%     11.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000             41384      5.31%     16.35% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000             50276      6.45%     22.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000             59793      7.67%     30.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000             67059      8.60%     39.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000             76644      9.83%     48.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000             81757     10.49%     59.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000             85762     11.00%     70.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000             82821     10.62%     81.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000             68402      8.77%     89.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000             53247      6.83%     96.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000             24104      3.09%     99.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000              262      0.03%     99.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows                2098      0.27%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            30147000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                  779687                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.161027                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.368134                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0             4216     83.92%     83.92% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              807     16.06%     99.98% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                1      0.02%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.009355                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.096278                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0            4977     99.06%     99.06% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1              47      0.94%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples              5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean           148.809514                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev           13.040716                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-7                     4      0.08%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-15                    1      0.02%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-23                   4      0.08%      0.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-31                  29      0.58%      0.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-39                   3      0.06%      0.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::40-47                   2      0.04%      0.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-55                   2      0.04%      0.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::56-63                   1      0.02%      0.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-71                   1      0.02%      0.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::72-79                   8      0.16%      1.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::80-87                   1      0.02%      1.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::88-95                   2      0.04%      1.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::96-103                 13      0.26%      1.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::104-111                 1      0.02%      1.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::112-119                 1      0.02%      1.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::120-127                17      0.34%      1.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::128-135                 3      0.06%      1.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::136-143                35      0.70%      2.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::144-151              3248     64.65%     67.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::152-159              1648     32.80%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples             5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            6.364650                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           2.243133                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                      9      0.18%      0.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                     57      1.13%      1.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    142      2.83%      4.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                    280      5.57%      9.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                    527     10.49%     20.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                    747     14.87%     35.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                    883     17.58%     52.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                    872     17.36%     70.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                    674     13.42%     83.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                    435      8.66%     92.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                   234      4.66%     96.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                   103      2.05%     98.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                    39      0.78%     99.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                    13      0.26%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     5      0.10%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     2      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total               5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples       747844                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.001364                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000030                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.589744                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         747840    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total        747844                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31843                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.094558                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.578419                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     5.508079                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31829     99.96%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           14      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31843                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples          5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     14904120.222930                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1620081.322101                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           54      1.07%      1.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07         4968     98.89%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total            5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        14903320.187107      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                    748864                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1327209.394904                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   1457606.551028                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06         4577     91.10%     91.10% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06          432      8.60%     99.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            1      0.02%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            0      0.00%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07           10      0.20%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            4      0.08%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total           5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       1327352.825773      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                  66697                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples          747844                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       11359.447960                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      11357.826528                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev        260.248154                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::8192-16383       747840    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total            747844                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples          31829                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean      11497.602815                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11494.467364                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev       271.972527                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        30920     97.14%     97.14% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          907      2.85%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            2      0.01%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total            31829                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples              747844                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           67201.475174                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          56367.728217                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                  161      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000              661      0.09%      0.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000            1754      0.23%      0.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000            4797      0.64%      0.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000            8817      1.18%      2.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000           14715      1.97%      4.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000           20978      2.81%      6.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000           27917      3.73%     10.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000           37560      5.02%     15.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000           45673      6.11%     21.80% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000           55376      7.40%     29.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000           61862      8.27%     37.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000           71340      9.54%     47.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000           74698      9.99%     57.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000           78078     10.44%     67.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000           76689     10.25%     77.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000           63400      8.48%     86.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000           48741      6.52%     92.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000           22568      3.02%     95.71% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1310      0.18%     95.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             30749      4.11%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          30328000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                747844                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples             31843                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         1578879.659580                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1680887.642895                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             2      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            13      0.04%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            23      0.07%      0.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            42      0.13%      0.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            28      0.09%      0.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            68      0.21%      0.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            79      0.25%      0.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000           102      0.32%      1.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000           123      0.39%      1.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000           126      0.40%      1.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000           151      0.47%      2.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000           148      0.46%      2.84% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000           174      0.55%      3.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000           149      0.47%      3.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000           150      0.47%      4.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           106      0.33%      4.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            31      0.10%      4.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          338      1.06%      5.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows           29990     94.18%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value           15000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value        51701000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total               31843                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                779687                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             64456.916686                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            51060.959170                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                    177      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                712      0.09%      0.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000              1933      0.25%      0.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000              5183      0.66%      1.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000              9622      1.23%      2.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000             16006      2.05%      4.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000             22685      2.91%      7.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000             30256      3.88%     11.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000             40773      5.23%     16.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000             49718      6.38%     22.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000             59986      7.69%     30.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000             67181      8.62%     39.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000             77456      9.93%     48.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000             81145     10.41%     59.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000             84765     10.87%     70.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000             83232     10.68%     80.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000             69128      8.87%     89.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000             53471      6.86%     96.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000             23878      3.06%     99.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000              284      0.04%     99.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows                2096      0.27%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            29986000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                  779687                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.169188                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.374955                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0             4174     83.08%     83.08% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              850     16.92%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.006967                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.083183                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0            4989     99.30%     99.30% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1              35      0.70%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples              5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean           148.838177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev           13.055475                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-7                     4      0.08%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-15                    1      0.02%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-23                   4      0.08%      0.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-31                  28      0.56%      0.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-39                   4      0.08%      0.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::40-47                   2      0.04%      0.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-55                   2      0.04%      0.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::56-63                   1      0.02%      0.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-71                   2      0.04%      0.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::72-79                   7      0.14%      1.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::80-87                   1      0.02%      1.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::88-95                   2      0.04%      1.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::96-103                 11      0.22%      1.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::104-111                 3      0.06%      1.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::112-119                 1      0.02%      1.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::120-127                19      0.38%      1.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::128-135                 1      0.02%      1.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::136-143                23      0.46%      2.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::144-151              3241     64.51%     66.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::152-159              1667     33.18%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples             5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            6.336385                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           2.203445                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                     13      0.26%      0.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                     36      0.72%      0.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    120      2.39%      3.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                    306      6.09%      9.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                    548     10.91%     20.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                    760     15.13%     35.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                    942     18.75%     54.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                    828     16.48%     70.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                    669     13.32%     84.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                    429      8.54%     92.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                   211      4.20%     96.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                   103      2.05%     98.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                    38      0.76%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                    12      0.24%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     6      0.12%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     2      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total               5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples       747560                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.001706                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000037                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.659479                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         747555    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            5      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total        747560                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        32122                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.173588                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.581566                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     7.082159                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         32098     99.93%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           24      0.07%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total        32122                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples          5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     14903503.184713                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1593968.720488                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06           40      0.80%      0.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           14      0.28%      1.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           29      0.58%      1.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07         4938     98.29%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            1      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total            5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        14902743.051224      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                    748835                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1389410.828025                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   2285693.573882                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06         5004     99.60%     99.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           18      0.36%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total           5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       1389504.389934      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                  69820                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples          747560                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       11359.943416                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      11358.234427                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev        277.889975                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::8192-16383       747555    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total            747560                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples          32099                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean      11496.289604                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11493.166868                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev       271.439881                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        31190     97.17%     97.17% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          908      2.83%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total            32099                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples              747560                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           67191.153887                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          47413.888554                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                  128      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000              576      0.08%      0.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000            1751      0.23%      0.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000            4501      0.60%      0.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000            9439      1.26%      2.19% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000           13503      1.81%      4.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000           20441      2.73%      6.73% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000           28874      3.86%     10.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000           38112      5.10%     15.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000           46363      6.20%     21.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000           54961      7.35%     29.25% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000           61477      8.22%     37.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000           70666      9.45%     46.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000           75195     10.06%     56.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000           79097     10.58%     67.56% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000           76177     10.19%     77.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000           62530      8.36%     86.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000           48656      6.51%     92.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000           22847      3.06%     95.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1297      0.17%     95.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             30969      4.14%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          30043000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                747560                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples             32122                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         1563766.421767                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1644611.155300                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             8      0.02%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             8      0.02%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            15      0.05%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            39      0.12%      0.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            54      0.17%      0.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            65      0.20%      0.59% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            96      0.30%      0.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            98      0.31%      1.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000           120      0.37%      1.57% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000           124      0.39%      1.95% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000           160      0.50%      2.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000           171      0.53%      2.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000           166      0.52%      3.50% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000           176      0.55%      4.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000           143      0.45%      4.49% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            90      0.28%      4.77% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            32      0.10%      4.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          270      0.84%      5.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows           30287     94.29%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value           11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value        28639000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total               32122                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                779682                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             64425.374704                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            39925.881503                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                    142      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                635      0.08%      0.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000              1915      0.25%      0.35% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000              4908      0.63%      0.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000             10179      1.31%      2.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000             14692      1.88%      4.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000             22266      2.86%      7.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000             31396      4.03%     11.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000             41310      5.30%     16.35% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000             50361      6.46%     22.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000             59695      7.66%     30.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000             66916      8.58%     39.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000             76699      9.84%     48.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000             81815     10.49%     59.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000             85989     11.03%     70.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000             82765     10.62%     81.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000             68218      8.75%     89.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000             53209      6.82%     96.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000             24224      3.11%     99.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000              231      0.03%     99.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows                2117      0.27%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            24865000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                  779682                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.168392                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.374783                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0             4179     83.18%     83.18% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              844     16.80%     99.98% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                1      0.02%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.006768                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.081994                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0            4990     99.32%     99.32% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1              34      0.68%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples              5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean           148.781250                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev           13.084897                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-7                     4      0.08%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-15                    1      0.02%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-23                   3      0.06%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-31                  31      0.62%      0.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-39                   2      0.04%      0.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::40-47                   2      0.04%      0.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-55                   2      0.04%      0.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::56-63                   1      0.02%      0.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-71                   4      0.08%      1.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::72-79                   5      0.10%      1.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::80-87                   1      0.02%      1.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::88-95                   1      0.02%      1.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::96-103                 14      0.28%      1.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::104-111                 1      0.02%      1.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%      1.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::120-127                18      0.36%      1.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::128-135                 3      0.06%      1.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::136-143                34      0.68%      2.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::144-151              3212     63.93%     66.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::152-159              1685     33.54%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples             5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            6.392317                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           2.240015                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                     13      0.26%      0.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                     44      0.88%      1.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    119      2.37%      3.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                    295      5.87%      9.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                    513     10.21%     19.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                    784     15.61%     35.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                    889     17.70%     52.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                    846     16.84%     69.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                    678     13.50%     83.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                    432      8.60%     91.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                   225      4.48%     96.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                   108      2.15%     98.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                    52      1.04%     99.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                    19      0.38%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     6      0.12%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total               5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples      2990981                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean        1.002046                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean       1.000044                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev       0.722333                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         2990957    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           24      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total        2990981                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       127766                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean       2.131874                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.582300                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      6.231387                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         127693     99.94%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           73      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total        127766                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples           5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      59618531.050955                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     5525290.247843                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07           38      0.76%      0.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           15      0.30%      1.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07           33      0.66%      1.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07         4934     98.21%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            1      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total             5024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         59615449.983295      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                    2995565                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     5415286.624204                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    4158475.414823                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         4965     98.83%     98.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           53      1.05%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            3      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total            5024                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        5420718.923442      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                  272381                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples          2990975                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        20009.648526                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       20009.081137                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev         242.228822                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767      2990952    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           17      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total            2990975                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples          127693                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean       20055.437651                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20054.356889                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev        211.427902                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479       117856     92.30%     92.30% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527         9835      7.70%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            2      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total            127693                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples              2990981                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            16807.620811                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           29904.425689                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                773811     25.87%     25.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            523178     17.49%     43.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000           408746     13.67%     57.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000           337157     11.27%     68.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000           259503      8.68%     76.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000           195885      6.55%     83.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000           148642      4.97%     88.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000           105687      3.53%     92.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            80338      2.69%     94.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            57322      1.92%     96.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            38152      1.28%     97.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            24973      0.83%     98.74% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            15876      0.53%     99.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000             9086      0.30%     99.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000             4981      0.17%     99.74% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000             2291      0.08%     99.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000             1243      0.04%     99.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000              533      0.02%     99.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000             3401      0.11%     99.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000              28      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows                148      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           30027500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                2990981                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples             127766                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          393282.496908                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         756066.752199                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                1831      1.43%      1.43% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            1653      1.29%      2.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000           1546      1.21%      3.94% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000           1574      1.23%      5.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000           1524      1.19%      6.36% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000           1622      1.27%      7.63% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000           1499      1.17%      8.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000           1524      1.19%     10.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000           1472      1.15%     11.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000           1413      1.11%     12.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000           1407      1.10%     13.36% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000           1438      1.13%     14.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000           1414      1.11%     15.59% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000           1409      1.10%     16.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000           1414      1.11%     17.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000           1372      1.07%     18.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000           1395      1.09%     19.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           1307      1.02%     20.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           1289      1.01%     22.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         33402     26.14%     48.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            66261     51.86%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value             1000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value         23087000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total               127766                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                3118747                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              16111.640829                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             22303.256464                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                  832635     26.70%     26.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000              563027     18.05%     44.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000             433944     13.91%     58.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000             352179     11.29%     69.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000             268125      8.60%     78.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000             200126      6.42%     84.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000             148977      4.78%     89.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000             103786      3.33%     93.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000              77014      2.47%     95.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000              53425      1.71%     97.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000              34188      1.10%     98.35% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000              21578      0.69%     99.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000              13130      0.42%     99.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000               7023      0.23%     99.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000               3531      0.11%     99.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000               1379      0.04%     99.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                774      0.02%     99.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                390      0.01%     99.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000               3228      0.10%     99.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                83      0.00%     99.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                  205      0.01%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             23087000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                  3118747                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       1.207404                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.976723                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              1307     26.02%     26.02% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1              1954     38.89%     64.91% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2              1258     25.04%     89.95% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3               432      8.60%     98.55% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                66      1.31%     99.86% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 6      0.12%     99.98% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 1      0.02%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total          5024                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean      0.050955                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.227930                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0             4777     95.08%     95.08% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1              238      4.74%     99.82% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                9      0.18%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total         5024                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples               5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            595.272890                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            51.642338                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-31                     4      0.08%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-63                    1      0.02%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-95                    3      0.06%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-127                  31      0.62%      0.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-159                  2      0.04%      0.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::160-191                  1      0.02%      0.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-223                  3      0.06%      0.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::224-255                  1      0.02%      0.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-287                  1      0.02%      0.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::288-319                  8      0.16%      1.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::320-351                  1      0.02%      1.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::352-383                  0      0.00%      1.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::384-415                 15      0.30%      1.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::416-447                  1      0.02%      1.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::448-479                  1      0.02%      1.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::480-511                 18      0.36%      1.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::512-543                  2      0.04%      1.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::544-575                  6      0.12%      1.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::576-607               3999     79.60%     81.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::608-639                926     18.43%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                 5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples              5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean            25.424761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            4.626774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1                     2      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                     6      0.12%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                     2      0.04%      0.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                    27      0.54%      0.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                     3      0.06%      0.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                   3      0.06%      0.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                  27      0.54%      1.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                  62      1.23%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                  52      1.04%      3.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                 266      5.29%      8.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                 533     10.61%     19.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                 392      7.80%     27.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                1090     21.70%     49.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                 955     19.01%     68.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                 588     11.70%     79.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                 675     13.44%     93.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                 236      4.70%     97.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                  75      1.49%     99.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                  25      0.50%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   5      0.10%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                5024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     5329600                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                        16                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    2167717                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 5329616                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                2167717                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                          7497317                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                             16                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                      7497333                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    19905497                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                19905497                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         19905497                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     19905497                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        99722863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   17736487                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     18787984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             18174032                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1064778                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       555372                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    18174032                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           28456908                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          14891426                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            72294119                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            6978781                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      7498250                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    5329895                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   2168355                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              900988.397430                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              98821874.602570                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.990965                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.009035                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          1633852                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 11290346     60.09%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     451      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 5329895     28.37%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                2168355     11.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  18789049                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      11                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              814                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           20072023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              814                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         24658.504914                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         39811808                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        39811808                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     19904683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       19904683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     19904683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        19904683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     19904683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       19904683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     12133992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12133992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     12133992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12133992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     12133992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12133992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     19905497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19905497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     19905497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     19905497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     19905497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     19905497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14906.624079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14906.624079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14906.624079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14906.624079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14906.624079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14906.624079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     10499008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10499008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     10499008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10499008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     10499008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10499008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 12898.044226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12898.044226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 12898.044226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12898.044226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 12898.044226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12898.044226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry                70                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          308.262380                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             538401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1352.766332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   308.262380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.602075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.602075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.705078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         13956704                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        13956704                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      4829717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4829717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      2145459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2145459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           67                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           67                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          407                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          407                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          387                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          387                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data      6975176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         6975176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data      6975243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        6975243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           20                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          276                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          276                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         1182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          1182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         1202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         1202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     10331477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10331477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2550500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2550500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1097000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1097000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      7615500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      7615500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     12881977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     12881977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     12881977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     12881977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      4830589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4830589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      2145769                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2145769                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           87                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          666                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          666                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          663                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          663                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data      6976358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6976358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data      6976445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6976445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.229885                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.229885                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.388889                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.388889                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.416290                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.416290                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11848.024083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11848.024083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8227.419355                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8227.419355                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  4235.521236                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4235.521236                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 27592.391304                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27592.391304                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10898.457699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10898.457699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10717.118968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10717.118968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           20                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          239                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          239                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          276                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      8566523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8566523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1930500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1930500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       139000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       139000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       481000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       481000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      7063500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7063500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     10497023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10497023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     10636023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10636023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  20935436527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20935436527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    885406001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    885406001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  21820842528                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21820842528                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000144                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.229885                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229885                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.358859                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358859                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.416290                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.416290                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9823.994266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9823.994266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  6227.419355                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6227.419355                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data         6950                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6950                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  2012.552301                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2012.552301                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 25592.391304                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25592.391304                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8880.730118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8880.730118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8848.604825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8848.604825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2540                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     5312491                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                        16                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    2160772                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 5312507                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                2160772                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          7473263                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                             16                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      7473279                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    19839171                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                19839171                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         19839171                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     19839171                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                        99722978                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   17677536                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     18725534                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             18114080                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    1061231                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       553265                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    18114080                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           28363966                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          14842732                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            72055670                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            6954563                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      7474163                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    5312789                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   2161374                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1227407.279104                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              98495570.720896                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.987692                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.012308                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1628128                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 11252012     60.09%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     398      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 5312789     28.37%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                2161374     11.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  18726575                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      10                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              863                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           19984863                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              863                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         23157.431054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         39679205                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        39679205                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     19838308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       19838308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     19838308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        19838308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     19838308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       19838308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     12928485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12928485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     12928485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12928485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     12928485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12928485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     19839171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19839171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     19839171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     19839171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     19839171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     19839171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14980.863268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14980.863268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14980.863268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14980.863268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14980.863268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14980.863268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     11189515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11189515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     11189515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11189515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     11189515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11189515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 12965.834299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12965.834299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 12965.834299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12965.834299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 12965.834299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12965.834299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry                78                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              232                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          274.704778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             773733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          3335.056034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   274.704778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.536533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.536533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          304                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.593750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         13911661                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        13911661                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      4814504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4814504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      2138614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2138614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           94                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           94                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          378                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          378                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          360                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          360                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data      6953118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         6953118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data      6953212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        6953212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           20                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          234                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          234                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          249                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          249                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data          928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data          948                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          948                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      6226478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6226478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3096000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3096000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1030500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1030500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      6848499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      6848499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      9322478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      9322478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      9322478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      9322478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      4815139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4815139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      2138907                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2138907                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          114                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          114                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          609                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          609                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data      6954046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6954046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data      6954160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6954160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.175439                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.175439                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.382353                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.382353                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.408867                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.408867                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9805.477165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9805.477165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10566.552901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10566.552901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  4403.846154                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4403.846154                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 27504.012048                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27504.012048                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10045.773707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10045.773707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9833.837553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  9833.837553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           20                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          216                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          216                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          248                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          248                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4935522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4935522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2510000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2510000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       131000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       131000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       472500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       472500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      6351501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6351501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      7445522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7445522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      7576522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7576522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  20866900021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20866900021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    884103003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    884103003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  21751003024                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21751003024                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000137                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.175439                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175439                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.352941                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352941                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.407225                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407225                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  7772.475591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7772.475591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8566.552901                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8566.552901                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data         6550                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6550                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  2187.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2187.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 25610.891129                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25610.891129                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8023.191810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8023.191810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  7992.111814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7992.111814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2413                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     5309219                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                        14                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    2159941                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 5309233                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                2159941                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                          7469160                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                             14                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                      7469174                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                    19829807                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                19829807                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                         19829807                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                     19829807                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        99722855                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   17669170                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     18716958                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             18104943                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    1060843                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       553411                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    18104943                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           28349093                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          14834203                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            72020191                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            6952369                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      7470070                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    5309491                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   2160579                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1293446.578111                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              98429408.421889                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.987030                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.012970                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1627977                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 11247481     60.09%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     446      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 5309491     28.37%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                2160579     11.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  18717999                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              781                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           19954425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              781                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         25549.839949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         39660395                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        39660395                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst     19829026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       19829026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst     19829026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        19829026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst     19829026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       19829026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst          781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst          781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst          781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     11481491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11481491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     11481491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11481491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     11481491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11481491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     19829807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19829807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     19829807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     19829807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     19829807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     19829807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14701.012804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14701.012804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14701.012804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14701.012804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14701.012804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14701.012804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      9910509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9910509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      9910509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9910509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      9910509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9910509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 12689.512164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12689.512164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 12689.512164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12689.512164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 12689.512164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12689.512164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                67                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements              243                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          350.991891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             653729                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          2690.242798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   350.991891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.685531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.685531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.761719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         13904329                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        13904329                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      4811563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4811563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      2137638                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2137638                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           63                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           63                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          440                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          440                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          421                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          421                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data      6949201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         6949201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data      6949264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        6949264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          302                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          302                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           20                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          264                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          264                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          277                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          277                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data          987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data         1007                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         1007                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      6466485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6466485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2342999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2342999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1230500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1230500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      7511000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      7511000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        29500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      8809484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      8809484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      8809484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      8809484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      4812248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4812248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      2137940                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2137940                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           83                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          704                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          704                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data      6950188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6950188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data      6950271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6950271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.240964                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.240964                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.375000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.396848                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.396848                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  9440.124088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9440.124088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  7758.274834                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7758.274834                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  4660.984848                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4660.984848                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 27115.523466                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27115.523466                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8925.515704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8925.515704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8748.246276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8748.246276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           20                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          246                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          246                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          277                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      5081515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5081515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1738001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1738001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       167500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       167500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       575000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       575000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      6959000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6959000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        27500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      6819516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6819516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      6987016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6987016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  20848304017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20848304017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data    885986503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    885986503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  21734290520                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21734290520                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.240964                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.240964                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.349432                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349432                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.396848                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.396848                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  7418.270073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7418.270073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  5754.970199                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5754.970199                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data         8375                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8375                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  2337.398374                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2337.398374                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 25122.743682                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25122.743682                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  6909.337386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6909.337386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  6938.446872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6938.446872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2310                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     5339127                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                        15                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    2172392                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                 5339142                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                2172392                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                          7511519                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                             15                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                      7511534                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                    19941873                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                19941873                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                         19941873                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                     19941873                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                        99766948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   17769242                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     18823642                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             18208108                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                    1066878                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       556807                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    18208108                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           28511123                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          14918565                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            72430191                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            6991968                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      7512519                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    5339451                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   2173068                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              724024.252387                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              99042923.747613                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.992743                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.007257                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1637517                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 11311781     60.09%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     478      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 5339451     28.36%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                2173068     11.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  18824786                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              920                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           20046123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         21789.264130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         39884666                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        39884666                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst     19940953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       19940953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst     19940953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        19940953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst     19940953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       19940953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     13883986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13883986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     13883986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13883986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     13883986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13883986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     19941873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19941873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     19941873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     19941873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     19941873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     19941873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15091.289130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15091.289130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15091.289130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15091.289130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15091.289130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15091.289130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     12031014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12031014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     12031014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12031014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     12031014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12031014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 13077.189130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13077.189130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 13077.189130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13077.189130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 13077.189130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13077.189130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                73                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              304                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          371.440926                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             579774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              304                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1907.151316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   371.440926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.725471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.725471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.751953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         13983357                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        13983357                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      4838512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4838512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      2149993                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2149993                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          468                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          468                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          443                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          443                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data      6988505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         6988505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data      6988582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        6988582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           21                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          283                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          283                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          301                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          301                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data         1063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          1063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data         1084                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         1084                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      6535982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6535982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3256999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3256999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1259000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1259000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      8309500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      8309500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      9792981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      9792981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      9792981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      9792981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      4839238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4839238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      2150330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2150330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          751                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          744                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          744                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data      6989568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6989568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data      6989666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6989666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.214286                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.214286                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.376831                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.376831                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.404570                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.404570                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9002.730028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9002.730028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9664.685460                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9664.685460                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  4448.763251                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4448.763251                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 27606.312292                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27606.312292                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9212.587959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  9212.587959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9034.115314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  9034.115314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          264                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          301                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          301                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      5067018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5067018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2582001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2582001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       144500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       144500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       590500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       590500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      7707500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7707500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      7649019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7649019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      7793519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7793519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  20969587035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20969587035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    886548508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    886548508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  21856135543                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21856135543                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000157                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.214286                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214286                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.351531                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351531                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.404570                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404570                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  6979.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6979.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  7661.724036                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7661.724036                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  6880.952381                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6880.952381                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  2236.742424                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2236.742424                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 25606.312292                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25606.312292                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  7195.690499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7195.690499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  7189.593173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7189.593173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2437                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                     5385045                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                        26                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                    2209023                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        9                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                 5385071                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                2209032                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                          7594068                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                             35                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                      7594103                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                    20124900                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         5                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                20124905                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                         20124900                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                     20124905                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                       100487336                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   17944288                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     19002705                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             18373623                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                    1071143                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts       571039                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    18373623                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           28810240                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes          15034892                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads            73106152                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes            7051842                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                      7595299                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    5385376                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                   2209923                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles               8928.214755                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              100478407.785245                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.999911                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.000089                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          1655892                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 11408300     60.03%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                     464      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 5385376     28.34%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                2209923     11.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  19004071                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements              917                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs           20177405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs              917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs         22003.713195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses         40250717                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses        40250717                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst     20123983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       20123983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst     20123983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total        20123983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst     20123983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total       20123983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst          917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst          917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total           917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst          917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total          917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     13817487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13817487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     13817487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13817487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     13817487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13817487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     20124900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20124900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     20124900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total     20124900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     20124900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total     20124900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15068.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15068.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15068.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15068.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15068.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15068.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     11971513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11971513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     11971513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11971513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     11971513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11971513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 13055.085060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13055.085060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 13055.085060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13055.085060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 13055.085060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13055.085060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                66                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements              379                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          433.477975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs            6523883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs         17213.411609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   433.477975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.846637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.846637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          468                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         14144102                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses        14144102                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data      4882223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4882223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data      2186735                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2186735                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           82                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           82                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          427                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          427                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          413                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          413                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data      7068958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total         7068958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data      7069040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total        7069040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          768                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          768                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          312                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          312                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          264                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          264                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          274                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          274                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data         1080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total          1080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data         1102                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total         1102                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      7473988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7473988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3061500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3061500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1113000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1113000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      7686000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      7686000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     10535488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     10535488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     10535488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     10535488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data      4882991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4882991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data      2187047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2187047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          104                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          687                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          687                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data      7070038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7070038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data      7070142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7070142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.211538                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.211538                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.382055                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.382055                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.398836                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.398836                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  9731.755208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9731.755208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  9812.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9812.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  4215.909091                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4215.909091                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 28051.094891                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28051.094891                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  9755.081481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  9755.081481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  9560.333938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  9560.333938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          194                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total              194                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          244                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          244                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          274                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          274                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         1080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         1102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      5930012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5930012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2437500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2437500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       506000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       506000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      7138000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7138000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      8367512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8367512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      8491512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8491512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  21063106539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21063106539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data    885485001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    885485001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  21948591540                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21948591540                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.211538                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211538                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.353111                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353111                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.398836                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398836                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  7721.369792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7721.369792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  7812.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7812.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  5636.363636                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5636.363636                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  2073.770492                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2073.770492                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 26051.094891                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26051.094891                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  7747.696296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7747.696296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  7705.546279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7705.546279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2513                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                     5344617                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                        22                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                    2174340                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        8                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                 5344639                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                2174348                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                          7518957                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                             30                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                      7518987                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                    19959535                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         5                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                19959540                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                         19959535                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                     19959540                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                        99858023                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                   17785205                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                     18840024                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses             18225047                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                    1067918                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts       557140                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                    18225047                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads           28536493                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes          14932715                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads            72496805                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes            6997869                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                      7520098                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                    5344898                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                   2175200                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              634188.601411                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              99223834.398589                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.993649                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.006351                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                          1638771                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                 11320737     60.08%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                     450      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                 5344898     28.37%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                2175200     11.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                  18841287                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              782                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs           20003999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              782                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs         25580.561381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses         39919852                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses        39919852                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst     19958753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       19958753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst     19958753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total        19958753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst     19958753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total       19958753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     11634995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11634995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     11634995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11634995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     11634995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11634995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     19959535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19959535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     19959535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total     19959535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     19959535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total     19959535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14878.510230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14878.510230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14878.510230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14878.510230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14878.510230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14878.510230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     10066005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10066005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     10066005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10066005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     10066005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10066005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 12872.129156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12872.129156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 12872.129156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12872.129156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 12872.129156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12872.129156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                62                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              317                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          418.557498                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs             617860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              317                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1949.085174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   418.557498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.817495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.817495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         13996959                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses        13996959                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data      4843418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4843418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data      2152048                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2152048                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           60                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           60                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          421                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          421                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          406                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          406                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data      6995466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total         6995466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data      6995526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total        6995526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          267                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          267                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          276                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          276                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          1045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data         1067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         1067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5925986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5925986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2503500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2503500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1262000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1262000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      7593500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      7593500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      8429486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      8429486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      8429486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      8429486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data      4844152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4844152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data      2152359                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2152359                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           82                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          688                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          688                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data      6996511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6996511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data      6996593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6996593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.268293                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.268293                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.388081                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.388081                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.404692                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.404692                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  8073.550409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8073.550409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  8049.839228                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8049.839228                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  4726.591760                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4726.591760                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 27512.681159                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27512.681159                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  8066.493780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8066.493780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  7900.174321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  7900.174321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total              180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          276                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         1067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4450014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4450014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1881500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1881500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       253500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       253500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       519500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       519500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      7041500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7041500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      6331514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6331514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      6585014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6585014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  20997717053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20997717053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data    885776501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    885776501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  21883493554                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21883493554                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000144                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.268293                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.268293                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.363372                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363372                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.404692                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404692                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  6062.689373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6062.689373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  6049.839228                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6049.839228                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11522.727273                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11522.727273                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data         2078                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2078                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 25512.681159                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25512.681159                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  6058.865072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6058.865072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  6171.522024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6171.522024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2511                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                         154                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                        162                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                     154                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                    162                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                              316                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                          316                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                         613                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                     613                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                              613                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                          613                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                       113494552                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                        599                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                          822                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                  789                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                         54                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts           52                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                         789                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads               1401                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes               556                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads                3024                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes                183                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                          342                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                        173                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                       169                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              113491013.774625                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles               3538.225375                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.000031                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.999969                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                              110                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                      508     59.76%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                     173     20.35%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                    169     19.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                       850                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses             1226                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses            1226                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst          613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total             613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total            613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          306.084806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                 11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   11                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   306.084806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.597822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.597822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          309                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.603516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              626                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses             626                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          151                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           151                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total             286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total            288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total            15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        71500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        71500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       100000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       100000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       171500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total       171500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       171500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total       171500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total          301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total          303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.068966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032051                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032051                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         7150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total         7150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        20000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        20000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 11433.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11433.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 11433.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11433.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        51500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        51500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        90000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        90000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       141500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       141500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       141500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       141500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       181006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       181006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       353006                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       353006                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.068966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032051                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032051                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         5150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         5150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        18000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  9433.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9433.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  9433.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9433.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 4                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        8596                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         4                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       6782                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    8600                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   6782                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                            15378                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                        15382                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       39184                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   39184                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            39184                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        39184                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       100496338                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      38496                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        45982                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                41769                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       2406                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         4972                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       41769                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              72836                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             28722                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads              168171                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes              17279                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                        16593                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       8950                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      7643                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              100306567.642267                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              189770.357733                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.001888                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.998112                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             7483                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    30620     64.70%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      97      0.20%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                14      0.03%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    8950     18.91%     83.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   7643     16.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     47324                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              739                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              42703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            57.784844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            79107                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           79107                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        38445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          38445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        38445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           38445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        38445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          38445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          739                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          739                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          739                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          739                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12105484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12105484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12105484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12105484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12105484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12105484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        39184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        39184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        39184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        39184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        39184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        39184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16380.898512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16380.898512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16380.898512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16380.898512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16380.898512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16380.898512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10614516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10614516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10614516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10614516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10614516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10614516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14363.350474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14363.350474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14363.350474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14363.350474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14363.350474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14363.350474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                70                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              189                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          460.343106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs              10387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            54.957672                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   460.343106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.899108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.899108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            31022                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           31022                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         8004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           8004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         6488                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          6488                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          109                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          109                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data        14492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total           14492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data        14601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total          14601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           13                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           29                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           29                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3339998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3339998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3039000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3039000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        91500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        91500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       658500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       658500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6378998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      6378998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6378998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      6378998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         8268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         6582                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         6582                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          122                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          194                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          194                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          191                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data        14850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total        14850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data        14972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total        14972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.014281                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014281                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.106557                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.106557                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.082474                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.082474                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.151832                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.151832                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.024108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.024780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 12651.507576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12651.507576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 32329.787234                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32329.787234                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  5718.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5718.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 22706.896552                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22706.896552                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 17818.430168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17818.430168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 17194.064690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17194.064690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total              107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           94                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           94                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           29                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2810002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2810002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2851000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2851000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        77500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        77500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         8000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         8000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       600500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       600500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5661002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5661002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5738502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5738502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       389501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       389501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       333500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       333500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       723001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       723001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.014281                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014281                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.106557                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.106557                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.020619                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020619                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.151832                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151832                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.024108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.024780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 10643.946970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10643.946970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 30329.787234                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30329.787234                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  5961.538462                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5961.538462                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 20706.896552                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20706.896552                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15812.854749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15812.854749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15467.660377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15467.660377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                54                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.pim 50248132000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -32496508.800000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       32569084.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -168397173503.999969
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       169373232403.200012
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -21922248.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       21971208.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -113601267840.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       114259720272.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -133102694.400000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       133174579.200000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -330192158899.200073
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       332178860582.400085
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -49872983.040000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       50125132.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -8682553036.800001
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       8684163809.279999
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -22232400030842.878906
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       22260100916613.121094
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -22232400030842.878906
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       22260100916613.121094
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -6454669247228.160156
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       6462712234252.798828
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -11812887834166.078125
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       11853023386328.638672
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -71769004801728.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       71858426186112.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -67068813058800.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       67130083070256.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.050248
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       813271893.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       803970113.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       218586564.740090
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       109242391.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       194076228.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       192.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       9829730.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       39632584.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       32031023.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       91348266.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       13056311.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       25364650.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       106621023.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       233705900.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       171102060.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       352622750.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       89483811.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       141875269.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       192.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       6395251.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       1456.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       109242391.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       194076228.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       192.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       119640590.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       10.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       119640580.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       5816.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       29032770.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       12919090.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       45080108.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       130.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       4694.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       1964.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       12492794
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       18.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       3981791.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       73.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       6965.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       120.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       1613854.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       126.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       2369238.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       506.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       563.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       2990968.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       127693.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       800074.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       791584.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       772862.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       801686.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       742354.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       726082.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       786562.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       816096.000000
