sim_seconds                                  0.042690                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 42690152500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               43377036009000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               93701583                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 96745277                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              120818080                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2607012                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   353.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 33108741874                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   34184209105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      2041320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::total      2041320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_written::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data         3144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         3144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data       510330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::total       510330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_writes::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data          786                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_writes::total          786                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     47817117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::total       47817117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_write::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data        73647                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_write::total         73647                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     47890764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::total      47890764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readReqs               510330                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeReqs                 786                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readBursts             510330                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeBursts               786                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM        16322848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ             7712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWritten            13312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadSys          2041320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys          3144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ             241                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts            371                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0        71388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1        55705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2        52019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3        63700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4        75434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5        65090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6        44205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7        82548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0           44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1           51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2           47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3           49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5           50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totGap            56685077500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::2         510330                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::2           786                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0           510089                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17              20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       203493                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    80.278732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.085283                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    43.722515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63        31752     15.60%     15.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::64-95       107830     52.99%     68.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::96-127        24716     12.15%     80.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-159        24261     11.92%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4557      2.24%     94.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::192-223         6953      3.42%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1077      0.53%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1755      0.86%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::288-319          204      0.10%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::320-351          323      0.16%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::352-383           36      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-415           20      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::416-447            9      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       203493                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean 20377.120000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 18746.019509                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  8585.211856                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      4.00%      4.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      4.00%      8.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            1      4.00%     12.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            1      4.00%     16.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      4.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            1      4.00%     24.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            3     12.00%     36.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      4.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431            3     12.00%     52.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20480-21503            3     12.00%     64.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            2      8.00%     72.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            2      8.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            1      4.00%     84.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695            1      4.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::33792-34815            2      8.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44032-45055            1      4.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.640000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.608607                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.075484                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           17     68.00%     68.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17            2      8.00%     76.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18            5     20.00%     96.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20            1      4.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totQLat            5994995161                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totMemAccLat      14641003711                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totBusLat          1632284800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgQLat              11752.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat         28702.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBW                382.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBW                  0.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys              47.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys               0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtil                  3.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilRead              3.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrQLen               25.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHits            306943                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHits               69                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          60.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate         16.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgGap              110904.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.pageHitRate             60.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14920262716                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF   3751079400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT  24018823491                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::0     5165112355.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::1     5258697897.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::2     5514480518.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::3     5209549430.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::0       3484401192                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::1       3547534296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::2     3720086064.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::3     3514378584.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::0    9830843942.400002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::1    9666434918.400002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::2    10888699161.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::3    11872598899.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0   271377008.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1   271543311.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2   271070115.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3   271761868.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0 370579082037.120056                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1 368456737178.880005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2 382276406367.360046                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3 391876164532.799988                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0 2101061974080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1 2102923680096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2 2090801163264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3 2082380322768.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0   3186996551367.360352                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1   3186728388450.239746                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2   3190075666243.199707                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3   3191728536835.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::0     78.816752                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::1     78.810120                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::2     78.892901                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::3     78.933778                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      1999016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_read::total      1999016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_written::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data         2936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         2936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data       499754                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_reads::total       499754                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_writes::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data          734                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_writes::total          734                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     46826162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_read::total       46826162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_write::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data        68775                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_write::total         68775                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     46894937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_total::total      46894937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readReqs               499754                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeReqs                 734                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readBursts             499754                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeBursts               734                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM        15985696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ             6432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWritten            13280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadSys          1999016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys          2936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ             201                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts            330                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0        65707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1        60857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2        55756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3        44441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4        51409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5        67988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6        55149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7        98246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totGap            56560822000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::2         499754                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::2           734                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0           499553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       201943                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    79.225207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    69.851204                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    44.650289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63        33337     16.51%     16.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::64-95       109927     54.43%     70.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::96-127        22918     11.35%     82.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-159        20257     10.03%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4406      2.18%     94.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::192-223         5347      2.65%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255         4204      2.08%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1015      0.50%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::288-319          141      0.07%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::320-351          294      0.15%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::352-383           56      0.03%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-415           28      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::416-447            9      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::448-479            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::480-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       201943                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean 20747.160000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 18832.778159                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  9698.033360                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      4.00%      4.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            3     12.00%     16.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            1      4.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      4.00%     24.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            1      4.00%     28.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            1      4.00%     32.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            2      8.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431            1      4.00%     44.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            2      8.00%     52.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            3     12.00%     64.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            1      4.00%     68.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            2      8.00%     76.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            2      8.00%     84.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695            1      4.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      4.00%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32768-33791            1      4.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52224-53247            1      4.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.600000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.572267                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           18     72.00%     72.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            6     24.00%     96.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            1      4.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totQLat            6001399414                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totMemAccLat      14468822764                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totBusLat          1598569600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgQLat              12013.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat         28963.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBW                374.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBW                  0.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys              46.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys               0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtil                  3.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilRead              3.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrQLen               25.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHits            297971                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHits               54                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          59.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate         13.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgGap              113011.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.pageHitRate             59.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15269738366                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF   3751079400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT  23669347841                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::0     5090538700.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::1     4591247270.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::2     5316686726.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::3     6501064147.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::0       3434093568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::1     3097269984.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::2     3586653744.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::3       4385638512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::0    9317648870.400002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::1      8429109312                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::2      9692489664                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::3    14119209561.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0   271447096.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1   271180431.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2   271585198.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3   271314385.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0 362577675591.360046                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1 349195178381.760071                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2 364786240510.080017                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3 405286996962.239990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0 2108080751664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1 2119819784304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2 2106143414016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3 2070616434672.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0   3185375916242.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1   3182007530435.520508                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2   3186400830610.560059                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3   3197784418992.959961                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::0     78.776673                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::1     78.693370                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::2     78.802020                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::3     79.083544                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys6.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst     94605436                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     28965534                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        53370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        49063                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        47876                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        53614                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        52512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        53425                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        53288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        55272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    123989390                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst     94605436                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     94605436                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      7115140                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         4004                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         3760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         3651                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         3975                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         3830                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         4075                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data         4040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data         4247                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      7146722                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst     23651359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      8539542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        53370                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        49063                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        47876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        53614                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        52512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        53425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data        53288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data        55272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::total     32609321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      2434660                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2015                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         1891                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         1842                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         1998                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         1928                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2050                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data         2030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data         2135                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::total      2450549                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   2216095058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    678506220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1250171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1149281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1121476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1255887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1230073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1251460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      1248250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1294725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2904402602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   2216095058                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2216095058                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    166669351                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data        93792                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data        88077                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data        85523                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data        93113                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data        89716                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data        95455                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data        94635                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data        99484                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::total    167409147                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   2216095058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    845175571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1343963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1237358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1207000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1349000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1319789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1346915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      1342886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      1394209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3071811749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total               256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::writebacks         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total           1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total                  1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::writebacks            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                 5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         5997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total                 5997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::writebacks          29983                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total               29983                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::writebacks          29983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         5997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total               35980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                          1                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                         5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                        8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                      40                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                   1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                    256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           10                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                  42705348000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    8                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                  40                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   199.111111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   156.554733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    95.703245                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     22.22%     22.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     22.22%     44.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287            5     55.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean            20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    16.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.970563                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24               2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                      210872                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                 346472                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                     25600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    26359.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               43309.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     27.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                       7                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                     40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate              100.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                 7117558000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   97.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE   38938012514                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF     3751079400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT        1073693                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::0           1002758.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::1           1055980.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::2           1005177.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::3           979171.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::0           676464.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                 712368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                 678096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                 660552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::0               4153344                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::1          4317580.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::2          4081958.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::3          3967142.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0         1572618.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1         1622799.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2         1526169.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3         1496309.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0       202242089661.119995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1       202243669701.119995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2       202242755329.920013                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3       202242540170.880035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0       2248726002480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1       2248724616480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2       2248725418560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3       2248725607296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0         3147579258077.760254                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1         3147579755662.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2         3147579226043.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3         3147579011394.239746                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::0           77.841934                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::1           77.841946                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::2           77.841933                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::3           77.841928                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total           1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::writebacks            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                 4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::writebacks          23987                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total               23987                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::writebacks          23987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total               23987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                         4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                      32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                    768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            8                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                  42675467000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                  32                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples            4                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean          192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   147.220905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev   107.728053                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     25.00%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     25.00%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287            2     50.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total            4                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean            16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    16.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16               1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                         0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                       0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat                    0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     33.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                     20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                  0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                 10668866750.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE   38938194244                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF     3751079400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT         891963                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::0           993686.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::1           1045699.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::2                1006992                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::3           988243.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::0           670344.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::1                 705432                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                 679320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::3                 666672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::0          4117401.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::1          4277644.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::2          4089446.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::3          4002086.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0         1569300.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1         1622384.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2         1509580.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3         1496724.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0       202241900603.519989                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1       202242759433.920013                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2       202243057767.360016                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3       202242913634.880035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0       2248726168320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1       2248725414960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2       2248725153264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3       2248725279696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0         3147579180408                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1         3147579586306.560059                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2         3147579257122.559570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3         3147579107808.959961                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::0           77.841932                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::1           77.841942                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::2           77.841934                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::3           77.841930                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total               512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                  2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks            6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                 6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         5997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         5997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total                11993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks          35980                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               35980                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks          35980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         5997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         5997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total               47974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          2                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                       16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                      48                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                   1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                    512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                1536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            9                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  42679673000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                   16                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                  48                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.800000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.446100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    92.005797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     20.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     20.00%     40.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287            6     60.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    17.888544                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.627417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                      399200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                 670400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                     51200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     32.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                      14                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                     40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 5334959125.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   84.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   38937501154                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3751079400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT        1585053                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0           1050537.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1                1003968                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::2           1060214.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::3           1018483.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                 708696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                 677280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::2           715224.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                 687072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0          4290124.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1          4089446.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::2          4261670.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::3               4218240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0         1635655.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1         1546076.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2         1632752.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3         1522851.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0       202242593577.600006                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1       202242821486.399994                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2       202243365622.080017                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3       202243083102.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0       2248725560448                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1       2248725360528                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2       2248724883216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3       2248725131040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         3147579599791.680176                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         3147579259536.959961                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2         3147579679451.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3         3147579421541.760254                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0           77.841942                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1           77.841934                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::2           77.841944                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::3           77.841938                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      1993892                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::total      1993892                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data         3128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         3128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data       498473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::total       498473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data          782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::total          782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     46706134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::total       46706134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data        73272                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::total         73272                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     46779407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::total      46779407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readReqs               498473                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeReqs                 782                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readBursts             498473                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeBursts               782                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM        15944512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ             6624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWritten            14816                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadSys          1993892                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys          3128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ             207                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts            314                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0        74241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1        45439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2        46845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3        70874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4        49392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5        47548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6        61621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7       102306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totGap            56597222500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::2         498473                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::2           782                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0           498266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16               9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       203935                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    78.256935                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    69.259592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    43.440914                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63        34063     16.70%     16.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-95       112021     54.93%     71.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::96-127        21943     10.76%     82.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-159        21852     10.72%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4916      2.41%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-223         4988      2.45%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1287      0.63%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2365      1.16%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::288-319          149      0.07%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::320-351          287      0.14%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::352-383           33      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-415           27      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::416-447            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       203935                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean 17678.357143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 16437.639121                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  6898.077339                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            1      3.57%      3.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            2      7.14%     10.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            2      7.14%     17.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            2      7.14%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            1      3.57%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            1      3.57%     32.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            3     10.71%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            2      7.14%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431            2      7.14%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            1      3.57%     60.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            2      7.14%     67.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20480-21503            4     14.29%     82.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            1      3.57%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            1      3.57%     89.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623            1      3.57%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            1      3.57%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::38912-39935            1      3.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.535714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.513854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.881167                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           20     71.43%     71.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            1      3.57%     75.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            7     25.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totQLat            6156492980                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totMemAccLat      14602101680                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totBusLat          1594451200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgQLat              12355.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat         29305.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBW                373.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBW                  0.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys              46.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys               0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtil                  3.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilRead              3.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrQLen               24.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHits            294727                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHits               67                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHitRate          59.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate         14.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgGap              113363.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.pageHitRate             59.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15139011575                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF   3751079400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT  23800074632                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::0     4761480326.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::1       4723424496                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::2       4864261248                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::3     6550788988.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::0     3212109744.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::1       3186437160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::2       3281446080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::3       4419183048                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::0    8851032652.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::1      8762390208                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::2    8981156620.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::3    14858902156.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0   272060052.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1   271581880.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2   270905886.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3   270922475.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0 357440249540.160034                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1 355498836963.840027                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2 354366754966.080017                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3 403230256349.760071                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0 2112587265744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1 2114290259232.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2 2115283313616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3 2072420593104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0   3183727958811.840332                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1   3183336690692.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2   3183651599169.600098                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3   3198354406874.880371                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::0     78.735918                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::1     78.726241                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::2     78.734029                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::3     79.097640                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total               512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                  2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                 5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu6.data         5997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         5997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total                11993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks          29983                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               29983                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks          29983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu6.data         5997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         5997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total               41977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          2                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                       16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                      40                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                   1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                    512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           20                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  42680704000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                   16                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                  40                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   227.555556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   200.194934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.093035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     11.11%     11.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     11.11%     22.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287            7     77.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean            12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    11.313708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     5.656854                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                      399200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                 670400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                     51200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     29.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                      14                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                     41                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate              102.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 6097243428.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   98.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   38938423910                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3751079400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT         662297                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0           1145491.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1           1026950.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::2                1118880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::3           1083801.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0                 772752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1           692784.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::2                 754800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::3                 731136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0          4597132.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1               4185792                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::2          4551206.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::3          4382476.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0         1838039.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1         1585889.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2         1761730.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3         1649341.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0       202244505494.399994                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1       202243454213.760010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2       202243888033.920013                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3       202244264671.680023                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0       2248723883328                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1       2248724805504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2       2248724424960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3       2248724094576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         3147580502989.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         3147579511885.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2         3147580260362.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3         3147579966755.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0           77.841965                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1           77.841940                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::2           77.841959                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::3           77.841951                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      2013648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_read::total      2013648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_written::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data         3652                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_written::total         3652                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data       503412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_reads::total       503412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_writes::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data          913                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_writes::total          913                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     47168911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_read::total       47168911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_write::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data        85547                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_write::total         85547                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     47254458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_total::total      47254458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readReqs               503412                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeReqs                 913                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readBursts             503412                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeBursts               913                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM        16100256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ             8928                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWritten            16256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadSys          2013648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys          3652                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ             279                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts            399                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0        89187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1        51267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2        44963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3        49410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4        47777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5        43026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6        72723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7       104780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0           74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1           67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2           55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4           69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5           62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6           65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totGap            56589595500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::2         503412                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::2           913                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0           503133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23              32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24              34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25              35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26              35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27              32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28              32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples       207426                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean    77.697646                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean    69.026151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    42.088460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63        34920     16.83%     16.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::64-95       112814     54.39%     71.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::96-127        24456     11.79%     83.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-159        21427     10.33%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4764      2.30%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::192-223         6317      3.05%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255          884      0.43%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1154      0.56%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::288-319          159      0.08%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::320-351          441      0.21%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::352-383           53      0.03%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-415           32      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::416-447            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::448-479            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total       207426                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples           31                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean 16041.129032                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 14742.698604                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  6329.456126                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      3.23%      3.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      3.23%      6.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      3.23%      9.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      6.45%     16.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      3.23%     19.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      3.23%     22.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2      6.45%     29.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            2      6.45%     35.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            2      6.45%     41.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      3.23%     45.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            2      6.45%     51.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            1      3.23%     54.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16384-16895            1      3.23%     58.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            1      3.23%     61.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            2      6.45%     67.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::18432-18943            1      3.23%     70.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::18944-19455            1      3.23%     74.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22015            1      3.23%     77.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23039            1      3.23%     80.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24063            1      3.23%     83.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24064-24575            1      3.23%     87.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::25088-25599            2      6.45%     93.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::26112-26623            1      3.23%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28159            1      3.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total           31                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples           31                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.387097                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.368937                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.803219                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16           25     80.65%     80.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18            6     19.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total           31                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totQLat            6270591384                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totMemAccLat      14798695734                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totBusLat          1610025600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgQLat              12463.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat         29413.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBW                377.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBW                  0.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys              47.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys               0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtil                  3.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilRead              3.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrQLen               25.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHits            296133                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHits               82                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          58.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate         15.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgGap              112208.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.pageHitRate             58.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14924337200                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF   3751079400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT  24014749007                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::0     6072488956.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::1     4520893910.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::2     4154054889.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::3     7336191945.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::0       4096520328                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::1     3049809384.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::2       2802338616                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::3       4949018376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::0     11528704512                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::1    8382041241.599999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::2    7520202892.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::3     14693582592                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0   271932318.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1   271743206.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2   270961873.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3   271333877.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0 388371748864.320007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1 341175013536.960022                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2 336794701887.360046                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3 405304845750.720032                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0 2085454371600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1 2126855016624                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2 2130697395264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3 2070600777840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0   3192399527331.839844                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1   3180858278655.359863                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2   3178843416175.679688                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3   3199759511134.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::0     78.950372                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::1     78.664948                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::2     78.615119                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::3     79.132390                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total               256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total           1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total                  1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                 4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         5997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total                 5997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks          23987                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               23987                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks          23987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         5997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total               29983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          1                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                      32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                    768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                    256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  42668286000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    8                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                  32                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples            5                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.800000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.446100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    97.586884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     20.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     20.00%     40.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287            3     60.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total            5                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0                1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                      199600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                 335200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                     25600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     34.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       7                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                     20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 8533657200.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   67.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   38938701032                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3751079400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT         385175                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0                1031184                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1           989452.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::2           980985.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::3           990662.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                 695640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                 667488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                 661776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::3           668304.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0          4230220.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1          4041523.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::2          4034035.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::3          4065484.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0         1619066.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1         1496724.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2         1506263.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3         1509580.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0       202242656122.560028                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1       202242885563.519989                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2       202242602223.360016                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3       202242933115.199982                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0       2248725505584                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1       2248725304320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2       2248725552864                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3       2248725262608                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         3147579498570.240234                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         3147579145824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2         3147579098899.199707                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3         3147579190507.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0           77.841940                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1           77.841931                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::2           77.841930                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::3           77.841932                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      1951824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_read::total      1951824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_written::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data         2968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_written::total         2968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data       487956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_reads::total       487956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_writes::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data          742                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_writes::total          742                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     45720708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_read::total       45720708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_write::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data        69524                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_write::total         69524                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     45790232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::total      45790232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readReqs               487956                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeReqs                 742                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readBursts             487956                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeBursts               742                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM        15608480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ             6112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWritten            13600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadSys          1951824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys          2968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ             191                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts            317                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0        51770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1        50640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2        66753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3        71966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4        57552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5        54441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6        65438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7        69205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0           60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1           55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2           57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3           37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4           46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5           63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6           55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7           52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totGap            56715280000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::2         487956                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::2           742                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0           487765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15               4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16               5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17              20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples       199031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean    78.490687                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean    69.990125                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    41.408993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63        32067     16.11%     16.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::64-95       104993     52.75%     68.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::96-127        26782     13.46%     82.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-159        23350     11.73%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4441      2.23%     96.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::192-223         4812      2.42%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255          734      0.37%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1208      0.61%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::288-319          171      0.09%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::320-351          338      0.17%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::352-383           43      0.02%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-415           82      0.04%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::416-447            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::448-479            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::480-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total       199031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean 18604.115385                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 17245.861926                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  6431.347276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      3.85%      3.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.85%      7.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.85%     11.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      3.85%     15.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      3.85%     19.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      3.85%     23.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      3.85%     26.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            2      7.69%     34.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::17408-17919            1      3.85%     38.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::18432-18943            2      7.69%     46.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::18944-19455            1      3.85%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::19968-20479            1      3.85%     53.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::20480-20991            1      3.85%     57.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::20992-21503            3     11.54%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22015            1      3.85%     73.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::23040-23551            1      3.85%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24063            2      7.69%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25087            1      3.85%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::25088-25599            1      3.85%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29183            1      3.85%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::29184-29695            1      3.85%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.346154                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.330604                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.745241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16           21     80.77%     80.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::17            1      3.85%     84.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::18            4     15.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totQLat            5837953545                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totMemAccLat      14105570295                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totBusLat          1560848000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgQLat              11968.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat         28918.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBW                365.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBW                  0.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys              45.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys               0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtil                  3.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilRead              3.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrQLen               25.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHits            289103                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHits               56                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          59.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate         13.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgGap              116053.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.pageHitRate             59.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15794319965                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF   3751079400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT  23144766242                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::0       4680964512                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::1     5263039756.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::2     5069866636.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::3     5827667731.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::0       3157793520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::1       3550463328                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::2       3420148128                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::3       3931363152                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::0      8862662016                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::1    10224438681.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::2    9537861465.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::3    12806176281.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0   271363737.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1   271112002.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2      271423872                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3   271270010.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0 354176027366.399963                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1 374607786769.920044                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2 367803545031.360046                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3 395620676349.120056                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0 2115450618528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1 2097528022560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2 2103496655664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3 2079095663280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0   3183203190432.000488                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1   3188048623850.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2   3186203261549.759766                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3   3194156577556.800293                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::0     78.722940                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::1     78.842771                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::2     78.797134                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::3     78.993825                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys4.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst     95396524                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     29139690                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        52687                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        48616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        51832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        53895                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        51719                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        52277                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        49598                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        52924                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    124949762                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst     95396524                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     95396524                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      7165986                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         3842                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         3786                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         3869                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         4066                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         3914                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         3905                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data         3819                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data         3977                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      7197164                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst     23849131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      8601738                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        52687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        48616                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        51832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        53895                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        51719                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        52277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data        49598                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data        52924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::total     32864417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      2456616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         1931                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         1905                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         1946                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2044                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         1970                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         1964                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data         1923                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data         2003                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::total      2472302                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   2234625983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    682585756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1234172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1138811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1214144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1262469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1211497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1224568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      1161814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1239724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2926898938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   2234625983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2234625983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    167860398                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data        89997                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data        88686                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data        90630                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data        95244                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data        91684                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data        91473                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data        89459                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data        93160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::total    168590731                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   2234625983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    850446154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1324170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1227496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1304774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1357714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1303181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1316041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      1251272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      1332884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3095489668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst     92752432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     28587456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        54111                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        55715                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        59656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        52770                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        54673                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        52152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        52890                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        52915                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    121774770                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst     92752432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     92752432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      7020086                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         3985                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         4194                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         4335                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         3929                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         4008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         3944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data         3824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data         3860                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      7052165                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst     23188108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      8396727                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        54111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        55715                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        59656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        52770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        54673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        52152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data        52890                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data        52915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::total     32019717                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      2386853                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2002                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2115                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2181                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         1979                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2022                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         1988                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data         1925                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data         1940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::total      2403005                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   2172689170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    669649892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1267529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1305102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1397418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1236116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1280693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1221640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      1238927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1239513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2852526001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   2172689170                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2172689170                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    164442748                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data        93347                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data        98243                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       101546                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data        92035                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data        93886                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data        92387                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data        89576                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data        90419                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::total    165194186                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   2172689170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    834092640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1360876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1403345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1498964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1328152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1374579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1314027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      1328503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      1329932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3017720187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst     96444352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     29392642                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        49106                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        51581                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        49299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        50150                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        50992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        51821                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        50982                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        51473                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    126242398                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst     96444352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     96444352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      7223189                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         3833                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         4004                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         3847                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         3850                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         4086                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         3988                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data         3948                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data         3911                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      7254656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst     24111088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      8687890                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        49106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        51581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        49299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        50150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        50992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        51821                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data        50982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data        51473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::total     33204382                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      2482424                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         1928                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2018                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         1936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         1939                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2058                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2002                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data         1986                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data         1970                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::total      2498261                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   2259170941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    688511057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1150289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1208265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1154810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1174744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1194468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1213887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      1194233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1205735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2957178427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   2259170941                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2259170941                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    169200356                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data        89787                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data        93792                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data        90114                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data        90185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data        95713                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data        93417                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data        92480                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data        91614                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::total    169937458                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   2259170941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    857711412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1240075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1302057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1244924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1264929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1290180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1307304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      1286714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      1297348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3127115885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total               256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::writebacks          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total            512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total                  1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::writebacks            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                 2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu6.data         5997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total                 5997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::writebacks          11993                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total               11993                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::writebacks          11993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu6.data         5997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total               17990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                          1                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                         2                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                        8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                      16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                    256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                 512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           26                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                  42712326000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    8                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                  16                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples            1                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean          256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   256.000000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev          0                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total            1                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                      580888                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                 716488                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                     25600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    72611.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               89561.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     31.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                       7                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                 14237442000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   29.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE   38939010707                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF     3751079400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT          75500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::0           994291.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::1           1026345.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::2           991267.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::3           974937.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                 670752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::1                 692376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                 668712                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                 657696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::0          4157337.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::1          4217241.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::2               4070976                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::3               3991104                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0         1556029.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1         1579668.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2         1476403.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3         1469767.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0       202242134586.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1       202243470903.360016                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2       202242785316.480011                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3       202242832922.880035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0       2248725963072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1       2248724790864                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2       2248725392256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3       2248725350496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0         3147579236820.480469                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1         3147579538151.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2         3147579145682.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3         3147579037676.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::0           77.841933                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::1           77.841941                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::2           77.841931                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::3           77.841928                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys7.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst     92348552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     28440662                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        55788                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        56968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        55247                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        54177                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        57707                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        57869                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        55432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        53385                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    121235787                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst     92348552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     92348552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      6982068                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         4011                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         3908                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         4002                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         3918                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         4198                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         4090                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data         3995                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data         3772                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      7013962                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst     23087138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      8357450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        55788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        56968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        55247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        54177                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        57707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        57869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data        55432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data        53385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::total     31891161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      2376003                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2022                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         1964                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2013                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         1974                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2116                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2059                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data         2012                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data         1897                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::total      2392060                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   2163228440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data    666211300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1306812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1334453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1294139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1269075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1351764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1355559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      1298473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1250523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2839900537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   2163228440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2163228440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data    163552192                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data        93956                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data        91543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data        93745                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data        91778                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data        98336                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data        95807                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data        93581                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data        88358                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::total    164299296                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   2163228440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data    829763492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1400768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1425996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1387884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1360852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1450100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1451365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      1392054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      1338880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3004199833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      1921792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_read::total      1921792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data         3372                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::total         3372                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data       480448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_reads::total       480448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data          843                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::total          843                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     45017220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_read::total       45017220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data        78988                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::total         78988                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     45096208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::total      45096208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readReqs               480448                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeReqs                 843                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readBursts             480448                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeBursts               843                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM        15367136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ             7200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWritten            14976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadSys          1921792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys          3372                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ             225                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts            372                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0        58414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1        50790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2        92432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3        51252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4        47821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5        43239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6        51010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7        85265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0           63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1           63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2           59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3           52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4           63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5           59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totGap            56615554500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::2         480448                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::2           843                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0           480223                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16               9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples       192699                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean    79.824555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean    70.300212                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    44.244929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63        33630     17.45%     17.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::64-95        96885     50.28%     67.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::96-127        27347     14.19%     81.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-159        19550     10.15%     92.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::160-191         5311      2.76%     94.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::192-223         6579      3.41%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255          919      0.48%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2106      1.09%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::288-319           98      0.05%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::320-351          213      0.11%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::352-383           13      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-415           41      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::416-447            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::448-479            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total       192699                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean 17362.785714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 15573.521602                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  8189.505002                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      3.57%      3.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            1      3.57%      7.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      3.57%     10.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      3.57%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            2      7.14%     21.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            1      3.57%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            2      7.14%     32.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            2      7.14%     39.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            1      3.57%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            5     17.86%     60.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431            1      3.57%     64.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            1      3.57%     67.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            1      3.57%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            2      7.14%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25599            2      7.14%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623            1      3.57%     89.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27647            1      3.57%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695            1      3.57%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::40960-41983            1      3.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.714286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.663717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.383960                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16           21     75.00%     75.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18            4     14.29%     89.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::19            1      3.57%     92.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20            1      3.57%     96.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::21            1      3.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total           28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totQLat            5746073588                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totMemAccLat      13885853438                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totBusLat          1536713600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgQLat              11965.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat         28915.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBW                359.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBW                  0.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys              45.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys               0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtil                  3.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilRead              3.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrQLen               25.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHits            287926                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHits               66                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          59.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate         14.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgGap              117632.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.pageHitRate             59.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16082108116                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF   3751079400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT  22856978091                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::0     4776940828.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::1       6052926096                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::2     4552848518.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::3     5407394630.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::0       3222539448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::1       4083323160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::2     3071366064.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::3     3647845584.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::0    8871915686.400002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::1    11771830886.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::2    8275633766.400001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::3     12296556480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0   271402721.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1   271750671.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2   271501009.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3   271638696.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0 354142949016.960022                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1 386436827229.120056                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2 346212124640.640015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3 394358484035.520020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0 2115479634624                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1 2087151671280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2 2122436498112.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3 2080202849520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0   3183369143077.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1   3192372090074.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2   3181423732863.360352                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3   3192788529698.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::0     78.727044                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::1     78.949693                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::2     78.678932                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::3     78.959992                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      1963048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_read::total      1963048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_written::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data         3116                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_written::total         3116                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data       490762                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_reads::total       490762                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_writes::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data          779                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_writes::total          779                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     45983626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_read::total       45983626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_write::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data        72991                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_write::total         72991                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     46056617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_total::total      46056617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readReqs               490762                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeReqs                 779                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readBursts             490762                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeBursts               779                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM        15697376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ             7008                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWritten            14304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadSys          1963048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys          3116                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ             219                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts            336                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0        89584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1        42656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2        49329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3        53361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4        54978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5        54476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6        58840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7        87319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0           63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1           51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4           54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5           54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6           54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7           55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totGap            56590077000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::2         490762                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::2           779                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0           490543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples       199290                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean    78.838276                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean    69.686076                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    43.793816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63        33249     16.68%     16.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::64-95       107321     53.85%     70.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::96-127        23954     12.02%     82.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-159        19192      9.63%     92.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::160-191         5861      2.94%     95.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::192-223         6510      3.27%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255          901      0.45%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1596      0.80%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::288-319          213      0.11%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::320-351          383      0.19%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::352-383           46      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-415           58      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::416-447            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::448-479            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total       199290                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean 18386.444444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 17076.426255                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  6995.767464                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            1      3.70%      3.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      3.70%      7.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            2      7.41%     14.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            2      7.41%     22.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      3.70%     25.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            3     11.11%     37.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            2      7.41%     44.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      3.70%     48.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431            2      7.41%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            1      3.70%     59.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::20480-21503            1      3.70%     62.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            2      7.41%     70.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            3     11.11%     81.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            1      3.70%     85.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25599            2      7.41%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::29696-30719            1      3.70%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::36864-37887            1      3.70%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.555556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.529184                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.974022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16           20     74.07%     74.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18            6     22.22%     96.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::19            1      3.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totQLat            5981520768                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totMemAccLat      14296224618                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totBusLat          1569737600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgQLat              12193.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat         29143.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBW                367.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBW                  0.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys              45.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys               0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtil                  3.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilRead              3.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrQLen               25.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHits            291630                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHits               70                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          59.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate         15.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgGap              115127.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.pageHitRate             59.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15577764877                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF   3751079400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT  23361321330                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::0     6392504361.599999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::1     4585337164.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::2     4596125587.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::3       5880158928                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::0       4312403736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::1       3093283008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::2       3100560912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::3       3966773880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::0     11695926528                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::1    8575539148.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::2    8683650892.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::3    12413052787.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0   271005419.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1   271252177.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2   271729105.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3   271496033.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0 386551760241.599976                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1 350487446339.520020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2 352931993939.520020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3 397872786568.320007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0 2087050852848.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1 2118686215920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2 2116541875920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3 2077120128000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0   3192878213886.720215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1   3182302834511.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2   3182729697109.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3   3194128156948.799805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::0     78.962210                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::1     78.700673                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::2     78.711230                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::3     78.993122                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys1.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst     93697864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     28765931                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        53712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        56080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        56297                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        50950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        54957                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        52434                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        56659                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        53072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    122897956                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst     93697864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     93697864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      7068098                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         3972                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         3995                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         4023                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         3789                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         3979                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         3883                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data         4156                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data         3859                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      7099754                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst     23424466                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      8467514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        53712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        56080                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        56297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        50950                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        54957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        52434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data        56659                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data        53072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::total     32326141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      2411897                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         1995                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2012                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2025                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         1905                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2002                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         1954                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data         2092                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data         1936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::total      2427818                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   2194835542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    673830598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1258182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1313652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1318735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1193484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1287346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1228246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      1327215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1243191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2878836191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   2194835542                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2194835542                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    165567410                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data        93043                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data        93581                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data        94237                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data        88756                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data        93207                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data        90958                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data        97353                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data        90396                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::total    166308940                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   2194835542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    839398009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1351225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1407233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1412972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1282240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1380553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1319204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      1424567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      1333586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3045145130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total               512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::writebacks         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total           1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total                  2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::writebacks            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                 5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         5997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu6.data         5997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total                11993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::writebacks          29983                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total               29983                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::writebacks          29983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         5997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu6.data         5997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total               41977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                          2                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                         5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                       16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                      40                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                    768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                    512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           16                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                  42710052000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                   16                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                  40                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples            6                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.035207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    89.752252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     16.67%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     16.67%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287            4     66.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total            6                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean             8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     8.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8                1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                      399200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                 670400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                     51200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     35.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                      14                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                     20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               50.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                 6101436000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   60.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE   38938702912                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF     3751079400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT         383295                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::0                1043280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::1           1037836.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::2                 973728                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::3           1057190.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                 703800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                 700128                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                 656880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::3           713184.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::0          4225228.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::1               4185792                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::2               3973632                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::3               4283136                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0         1665515.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1         1636070.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2         1473085.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3         1632752.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0       202243365457.920013                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1       202243876323.839996                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2       202243191831.360016                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3       202243776350.399994                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0       2248724883360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1       2248724435232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2       2248725035664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3       2248724522928                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0         3147579647394.239746                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1         3147579632135.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2         3147579065572.799805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3         3147579746293.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::0           77.841943                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::1           77.841943                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::2           77.841929                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::3           77.841946                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      2042904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_read::total      2042904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_written::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data         3332                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         3332                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data       510726                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_reads::total       510726                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_writes::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data          833                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_writes::total          833                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     47854221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_read::total       47854221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_write::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data        78051                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_write::total         78051                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     47932272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_total::total      47932272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readReqs               510726                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeReqs                 833                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readBursts             510726                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeBursts               833                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM        16336896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ             6336                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWritten            15424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadSys          2042904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys          3332                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ             198                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts            347                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0        52838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1        65222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2        59501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3        46661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4        54273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5        53374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6        66792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7       111867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0           65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1           55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3           57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4           51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5           63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6           62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7           65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totGap            56623045500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::2         510726                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::2           833                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0           510528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15               9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16               9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25              32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       207233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    78.907896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    70.130123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    42.576379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63        32492     15.68%     15.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::64-95       113698     54.86%     70.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::96-127        22858     11.03%     81.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-159        23811     11.49%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::160-191         5327      2.57%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::192-223         6050      2.92%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255          908      0.44%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1423      0.69%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::288-319          184      0.09%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::320-351          376      0.18%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::352-383           63      0.03%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-415           39      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::416-447            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       207233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean 17494.310345                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 16378.737603                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  6249.903097                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      6.90%      6.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.45%     10.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      3.45%     13.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      3.45%     17.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      3.45%     20.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            2      6.90%     27.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      3.45%     31.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      3.45%     34.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      3.45%     37.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            2      6.90%     44.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      3.45%     48.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16384-16895            1      3.45%     51.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            1      3.45%     55.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18432-18943            1      3.45%     58.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::19968-20479            2      6.90%     65.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20480-20991            1      3.45%     68.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20992-21503            1      3.45%     72.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22015            2      6.90%     79.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23039            1      3.45%     82.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24063            1      3.45%     86.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24064-24575            1      3.45%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28159            1      3.45%     93.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29183            1      3.45%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::30208-30719            1      3.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.620690                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.595674                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.941647                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           20     68.97%     68.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18            9     31.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totQLat            6187398878                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totMemAccLat      14840848478                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totBusLat          1633689600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgQLat              12119.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat         29069.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBW                382.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBW                  0.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys              47.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys               0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtil                  3.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilRead              3.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrQLen               25.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHits            303715                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHits               62                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          59.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate         12.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgGap              110687.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.pageHitRate             59.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14788398187                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF   3751079400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT  24150688020                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::0     4840771420.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::1       4810942080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::2       4604275872                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::3     7377288710.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::0       3265599768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::1       3245476800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::2       3106059120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::3       4976742384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::0    9107178163.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::1    9002892787.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::2    8698419225.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::3    15946944499.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0   271812049.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1   271584368.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2   271389450.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3   271214438.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3 696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0 360084976197.120056                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1 366787072111.679993                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2 355399705391.039978                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3 413426262623.039978                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0 2110267330080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1 2104388298576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2 2114377216752.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3 2063476727952.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0   3184441428431.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1   3185110027475.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2   3183060826562.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3   3202078941359.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::0     78.753562                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::1     78.770097                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::2     78.719419                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::3     79.189751                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys0.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst     93234756                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     28657786                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        55982                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        55633                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        50978                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        58058                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        52186                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        49829                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        54398                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        53131                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    122322737                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst     93234756                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     93234756                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      7033419                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         4145                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         4137                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         3882                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         4160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         3797                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         3805                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data         4034                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data         4030                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      7065409                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst     23308689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      8430565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        55982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        55633                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        50978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        58058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        52186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        49829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data        54398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data        53131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::total     32169449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      2398278                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2084                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2079                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         1953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2093                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         1910                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         1915                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data         2033                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data         2029                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::total      2414374                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2183987420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    671297344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1311356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1303181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1194140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1359986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1222436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1167225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      1274252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1244573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2865361912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2183987420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2183987420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    164755069                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data        97095                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data        96908                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data        90934                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data        97446                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data        88943                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data        89131                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data        94495                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data        94401                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::total    165504422                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2183987420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    836052413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1408451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1400089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1285074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1457432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1311380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1256355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      1368747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      1338974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3030866334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total               256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks          768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total            768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total                  1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks            3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                 3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu6.data         5997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total                 5997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks          17990                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               17990                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks          17990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu6.data         5997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total               23987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          1                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         3                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                      24                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                    768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                    256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                 768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           12                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  42656519000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    8                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                  24                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples            5                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.800000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.446100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    97.586884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     20.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     20.00%     40.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287            3     60.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total            5                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean             8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     8.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8                1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                      199600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                 335200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                     25600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     31.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       7                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                     20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 10664129750.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   84.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   38938686958                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3751079400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT         399249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0           1038441.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1           975542.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::2           1034812.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::3           1027555.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                 700536                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1           658104.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                 698088                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                 693192                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0          4273651.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1          4042022.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::2          4182297.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::3               4213248                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0         1642291.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1         1506263.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2         1579253.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3         1559761.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3       696603760752                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0       202242791390.399994                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1       202242408131.519989                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2       202243428167.040009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3       202243151885.760010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0       2248725386928                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1       2248725723120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2       2248724828352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3       2248725070704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         3147579593990.399902                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         3147579073935.359863                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2         3147579511723.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3         3147579477098.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0           77.841942                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1           77.841929                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::2           77.841940                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::3           77.841939                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys2.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst     91983888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     28375722                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        55386                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        55152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        57459                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        56421                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        53749                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        54536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        54591                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        54563                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    120801467                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst     91983888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     91983888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      6970198                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         3899                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         3924                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         4101                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         4015                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         3910                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         4009                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data         3892                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data         4032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      7001980                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst     22995972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      8330307                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        55386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        55152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        57459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        56421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        53749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        54536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data        54591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data        54563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::total     31768136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      2367565                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         1964                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         1974                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2064                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2020                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         1966                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2017                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data         1957                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data         2028                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::total      2383555                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   2154686330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    664690106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1297395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1291914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1345954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1321640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1259049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1277484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      1278773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1278117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2829726762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   2154686330                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2154686330                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    163274142                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data        91333                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data        91918                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data        96064                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data        94050                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data        91590                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data        93909                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data        91169                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data        94448                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::total    164018622                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   2154686330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    827964248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1388728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1383832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1442019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1415689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1350639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1371394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      1369941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      1372565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::total   2993745384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             3425123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            3425123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             127662                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            127662                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                34                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1743                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1726                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             107                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                14                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp                6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      7108974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      7109200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                7109200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          452                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      3689932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      3690384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3690384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1712561500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   3425185000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    127662000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     63831000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       561000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       871999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       863499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        53500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         7000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        99000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         9897                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       311175                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         9157                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp        16761                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        11999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       241998                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         6500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                         19055                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                       327939                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                   3552668                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                        19045                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                 11999                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                  3552668                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                      327922                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime               243000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime               11999                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime             248498                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                             3370                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3521                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    3521    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3521                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               73500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                 113                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          1840767500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded             3552819                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         3489168500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              8.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded            3552898                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq            3425044                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp           3425044                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq            127628                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp           127628                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback               34                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              86                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            21                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            107                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq                6                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp               6                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       224845                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       221520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       227752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       225052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       216242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       210208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       218208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       232516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total      1776400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       223306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       226406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       227582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       228282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       212390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       211430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       216976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       229962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total      1776403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       224846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       227020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       228818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       225378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       214314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       210496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       217104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       228340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total      1776398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       219585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       225218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       231542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       223356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       215522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       210348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       216330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       234442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total      1776403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total               7105604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       116397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       114594                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       117848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       116396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       111973                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       109100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       112893                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       120347                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total       922364                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       115682                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       117235                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       117859                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       118155                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       109936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       109699                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       112352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       118815                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total       922549                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       116389                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       117380                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       118324                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       116664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       111171                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       109097                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       112530                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       118136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total       923531                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       113717                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       116608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       119608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       115746                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       111646                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       108975                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       112227                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       121169                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total       921488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                3689932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   4104388800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   8397426939                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    272087200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    180247500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       319600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       120400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        29400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       149693                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         8400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        58991                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        28324                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           73                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1500                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      6901800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        50500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       359400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                        29824                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                          74                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                  3552668                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                       29824                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime              7261200                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                 3552668                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                         74                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime               51000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime            7261200                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime             51000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy              77800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded                 27                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy              71800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                 17                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy              46400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                 16                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy              47400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                 11                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy              72200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded                 23                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy              62400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                 16                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy              48800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                 12                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy              56600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                 29                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy          549918600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded             446291                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy          554214000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded             450082                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy         563654000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded            457847                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy         555670400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded            451034                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy         528839400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded            429234                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy         519584000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded            421241                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy         535281600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded            434309                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy         569308400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded            462630                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy        2144554169                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            888196                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy        2144283712                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            888198                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy        2144575968                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            888193                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy        2144469274                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            888198                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       6                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide     0.750000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.750000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq      3425044                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp      3425044                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq       127628                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp       127628                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback           34                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           86                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           21                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          107                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      1776400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      1776403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      1776398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      1776403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      7105604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       922364                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       922549                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       923531                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       921488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      3689932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2740035200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   3082552000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    114865200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    102102400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       136000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        68800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        16800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        85600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         4800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        24000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        31332                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         1672                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     13699699                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       671000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                 33006                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess            3552668                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess           3552668                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                33004                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime      14370699                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime     14372899                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    713777400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       888204                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    713781800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       888205                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy    713791200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       888205                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    713776400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       888205                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   3184764000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded      3552785                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            3437518                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           3437517                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            127662                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           127662                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback              996                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1764                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           3500                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              197                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             197                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       893750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       891148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       890849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       893508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       890611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       882155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       889412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       887125                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7131149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       184320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       550213                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       196352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       551712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       173312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       557942                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       162048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       543709                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           88                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       166400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       552173                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           88                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       197376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       545186                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       210176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       578638                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          212                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       265472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       581883                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          268                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                6017788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1718954109                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   3687147063                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    127676970                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     63834986                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     32370499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       882499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       868998                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        69499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       101993                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      2763997                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        11551                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          227                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         8997                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           40                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          130                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           69                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           27                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     39320996                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      3368991                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5440000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       821999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       855000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1564999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         8500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        24000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       499498                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        32500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        20835                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                         232                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                  3552668                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                       19470                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime             27791000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                 3552668                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime           48526492                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime           3409991                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                            7605                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            17094                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                 17094    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              17094                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1880860568                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            3569875                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          23405488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded               720                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         463089440                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            447287                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          24932989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded               767                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         461446450                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            445984                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy              4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded                 4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy         22009981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded              677                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy        462543945                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded           445839                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy            10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded               10                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy         20576492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded              633                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy        462782450                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded           447173                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy            22000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded               22                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy         21129491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded              650                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy        463511457                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded           445761                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.occupancy            22000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded               22                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy         25064985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded              771                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy        457122471                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded           441488                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy            24000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded               24                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.occupancy         26689484                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded              821                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy        464601444                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded           445126                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.occupancy             9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                9                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.occupancy            53998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded               53                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         33710481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded             1037                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy        460528974                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded           443925                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.occupancy             8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                8                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy            68998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded               68                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_access              23308690                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_access              11328098                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            499255                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numCycles                85380307                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedInsts           22281570                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedOps             22281732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     18643156                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_func_calls                162                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2493091                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_insts            18643156                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_reads     34114327                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_writes     13750924                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     93632310                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     13840093                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_mem_refs             11328098                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_load_insts            8929038                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_store_insts           2399060                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_busy_cycles          85380307                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.Branches                  3638738                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         10953634     49.16%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemRead         8929038     40.07%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        2399060     10.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::total          22281732                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       498473                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       498473    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       498473                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          782                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          782                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 46717244.611059                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 27701922.930570                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          580     13.59%     13.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           61      1.43%     15.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           84      1.97%     16.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           83      1.94%     18.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07           99      2.32%     21.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          100      2.34%     23.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          151      3.54%     27.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          188      4.40%     31.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          306      7.17%     38.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          230      5.39%     44.10% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          178      4.17%     48.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          149      3.49%     51.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          134      3.14%     54.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          125      2.93%     57.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          170      3.98%     61.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          146      3.42%     65.23% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          169      3.96%     69.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          264      6.19%     75.37% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          854     20.01%     95.38% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07          197      4.62%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 46706134.394812      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalReadBytes           1993892                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 73289.597001                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 377512.678425                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         4097     95.99%     95.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           47      1.10%     97.09% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           23      0.54%     97.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           61      1.43%     99.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           22      0.52%     99.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            0      0.00%     99.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06            9      0.21%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            7      0.16%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            2      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 73272.167393      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3128                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       498473                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36902.573459                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32852.421889                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23296.049899                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          207      0.04%      0.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       294724     59.13%     59.17% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        97534     19.57%     78.73% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        80378     16.12%     94.86% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           94      0.02%     94.88% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          104      0.02%     94.90% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         3334      0.67%     95.57% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        18944      3.80%     99.37% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         3142      0.63%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       498473                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          782                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          782    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          782                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       498473                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   113541.199824                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  19843725.324610                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            4      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       160623     32.22%     32.22% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        36201      7.26%     39.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          136      0.03%     39.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       186279     37.37%     76.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         3902      0.78%     77.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           52      0.01%     77.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        80402     16.13%     93.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           41      0.01%     93.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           91      0.02%     93.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          102      0.02%     93.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           45      0.01%     93.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           43      0.01%     93.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           54      0.01%     93.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           32      0.01%     93.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        30466      6.11%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14000412000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::total        498473                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          782                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 73142017.263427                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 546853757.557264                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          228     29.16%     29.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     29.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     29.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          134     17.14%     46.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     46.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     46.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     46.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          156     19.95%     66.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     66.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     66.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     66.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     66.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     66.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     66.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     66.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     66.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     66.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     66.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          264     33.76%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14927294500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          782                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        499255                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     113363.356401                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    19828177.175961                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          460      0.09%      0.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          294      0.06%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            3      0.00%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          307      0.06%      0.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       160623     32.17%     32.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        36206      7.25%     39.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            2      0.00%     39.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       186127     37.28%     76.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         3902      0.78%     77.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           97      0.02%     77.72% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        80397     16.10%     93.82% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           41      0.01%     93.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          117      0.02%     93.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           62      0.01%     93.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           49      0.01%     93.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           58      0.01%     93.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           28      0.01%     93.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           32      0.01%     93.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        30450      6.10%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14000412000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::total          499255                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.429007                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.494992                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         2437     57.10%     57.10% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1831     42.90%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         4268    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::mean   116.793112                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    69.250303                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          612     14.34%     14.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          110      2.58%     16.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          137      3.21%     20.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          159      3.73%     23.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          250      5.86%     29.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          409      9.58%     39.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          323      7.57%     46.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          232      5.44%     52.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          201      4.71%     57.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          241      5.65%     62.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          225      5.27%     67.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          440     10.31%     78.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          927     21.72%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            2      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.183224                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.943782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::0           4029     94.40%     94.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::1             68      1.59%     95.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::2             47      1.10%     97.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::3             23      0.54%     97.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::4             56      1.31%     98.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::5              5      0.12%     99.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::6             22      0.52%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::8              9      0.21%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::10             7      0.16%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::14             2      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     32667922                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     32667923                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      2415156                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      2415156                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave       998510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     21657686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total     22656196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     46617379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total     46617379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port       892582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total       892582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count::total      70166157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave      1997020                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     35691205                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total     37688225                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     93234760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total     93234760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port       462185                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total       462185                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size::total      131385170                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  16333961000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  34836797600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   2415156000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1591187200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     12750143                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     21295930                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       213360                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       493911                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1272204500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  10229069300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      6599000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     98784700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedReq             12963503                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedResp            21789841                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           446291                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqFail               49535                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     25747500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          446291                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespFail               2726                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       557700                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1278803500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  10327854000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    250018500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       499255                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  18499098500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         43.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     34583823                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  12009599800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         28.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     11328098                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  23897740000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         56.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     23308690                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    520645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       446291                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_access              23424466                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_access              11379899                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            500488                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numCycles                85380304                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedInsts           22387088                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedOps             22387222                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     18728435                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_func_calls                134                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2506062                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_insts            18728435                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_reads     34268909                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_writes     13809675                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     94063470                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     13906761                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_mem_refs             11379899                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_load_insts            8967268                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_store_insts           2412631                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_busy_cycles          85380304                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.Branches                  3658921                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         11007323     49.17%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemRead         8967268     40.06%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        2412631     10.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::total          22387222                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       499754                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       499754    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       499754                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          734                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          734    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          734                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 46833458.294283                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 28209739.836520                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          611     14.32%     14.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           72      1.69%     16.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           81      1.90%     17.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           71      1.66%     19.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07           87      2.04%     21.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          104      2.44%     24.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          132      3.09%     27.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          180      4.22%     31.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          265      6.21%     37.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          258      6.04%     43.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          201      4.71%     48.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          146      3.42%     51.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          160      3.75%     55.48% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          114      2.67%     58.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          147      3.44%     61.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          140      3.28%     64.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          158      3.70%     68.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          207      4.85%     73.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          757     17.74%     91.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07          377      8.83%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 46826162.075668      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalReadBytes           1999016                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 68791.002812                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 423795.101069                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         4123     96.60%     96.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           45      1.05%     97.66% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           21      0.49%     98.15% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           37      0.87%     99.02% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           22      0.52%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            1      0.02%     99.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06            7      0.16%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            7      0.16%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            1      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            1      0.02%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            1      0.02%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 68774.643051      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           2936                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       499754                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36563.945461                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32589.805364                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23181.225407                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          201      0.04%      0.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       297968     59.62%     59.66% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       104507     20.91%     80.57% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        71557     14.32%     94.89% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          103      0.02%     94.91% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           96      0.02%     94.93% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         3146      0.63%     95.56% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        18932      3.79%     99.35% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         3235      0.65%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       499754                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          734                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          734    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          734                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       499754                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   113177.327245                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  19810615.224906                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000           13      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       164618     32.94%     32.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        37045      7.41%     40.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          132      0.03%     40.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       191690     38.36%     78.74% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         3982      0.80%     79.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           37      0.01%     79.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        71568     14.32%     93.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           47      0.01%     93.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           89      0.02%     93.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           90      0.02%     93.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           39      0.01%     93.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           49      0.01%     93.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           53      0.01%     93.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           25      0.01%     93.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        30277      6.06%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  13994230000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::total        499754                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          734                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 77413743.869210                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 558473451.502013                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          221     30.11%     30.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     30.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     30.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          131     17.85%     47.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     47.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     47.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     47.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          148     20.16%     68.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     68.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     68.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     68.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     68.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     68.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     68.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     68.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     68.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     68.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     68.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          234     31.88%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14588063500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          734                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        500488                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     113011.344927                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    19796081.736409                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          455      0.09%      0.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          271      0.05%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            4      0.00%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          276      0.06%      0.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       164618     32.89%     33.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        37059      7.40%     40.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            1      0.00%     40.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       191554     38.27%     78.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         3982      0.80%     79.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           78      0.02%     79.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        71554     14.30%     93.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           47      0.01%     93.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          111      0.02%     93.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           50      0.01%     93.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           42      0.01%     93.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           66      0.01%     93.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           31      0.01%     93.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           25      0.00%     93.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        30264      6.05%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  13994230000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::total          500488                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.426429                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.494616                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         2448     57.36%     57.36% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1820     42.64%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         4268    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::mean   117.083411                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    70.516093                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          646     15.14%     15.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          118      2.76%     17.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          122      2.86%     20.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          153      3.58%     24.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          209      4.90%     29.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          367      8.60%     37.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          373      8.74%     46.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          259      6.07%     52.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          212      4.97%     57.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          203      4.76%     62.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          218      5.11%     67.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          357      8.36%     75.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::192-207         1027     24.06%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            4      0.09%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.171978                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.059488                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::0-1         4123     96.60%     96.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::2-3           66      1.55%     98.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::4-5           37      0.87%     99.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::6-7           23      0.54%     99.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::8-9            7      0.16%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::10-11            7      0.16%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::12-13            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::14-15            1      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::16-17            1      0.02%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::18-19            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::20-21            2      0.05%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::22-23            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::24-25            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::26-27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::28-29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::30-31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::32-33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::34-35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::36-37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::38-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     32825895                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     32825895                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      2428552                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      2428552                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.Smon-slave      1000976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     21758822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total     22759798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     46848932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total     46848932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port       900164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::total       900164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count::total      70508894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.Smon-slave      2001952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     35834029                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total     37835981                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     93697864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total     93697864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port       465817                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::total       465817                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size::total      131999662                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  16412947500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  35004904000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   2428552000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1600403400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     12810713                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     21401656                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       214447                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       494820                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1279623500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  10282165700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      6607000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     98965000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedReq             13025160                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedResp            21896476                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           450082                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqFail               50119                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     26126000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          450082                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespFail               3136                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       636700                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1286230500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  10381130700                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    250611000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       500488                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  18590888500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         43.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     34753959                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  12063657900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         28.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     11379899                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  24016497800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         56.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     23424466                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    525151700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       450082                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_access              22995972                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_access              11209431                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            511559                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numCycles                85380305                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedInsts           21983714                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedOps             21983874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     18413661                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_func_calls                160                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2450218                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_insts            18413661                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_reads     33734529                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_writes     13594965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     92474721                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     13632970                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_mem_refs             11209431                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_load_insts            8841033                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_store_insts           2368398                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_busy_cycles          85380305                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.Branches                  3570373                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         10774443     49.01%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemRead         8841033     40.22%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        2368398     10.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::total          21983874                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       510726                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       510726    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       510726                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          833                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          833    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          833                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 47854076.850984                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 28225907.778967                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          595     13.94%     13.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           66      1.55%     15.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           93      2.18%     17.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           53      1.24%     18.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07           96      2.25%     21.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07           83      1.94%     23.10% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          130      3.05%     26.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          180      4.22%     30.37% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          251      5.88%     36.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          233      5.46%     41.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          192      4.50%     46.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          157      3.68%     49.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          142      3.33%     53.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          123      2.88%     56.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          144      3.37%     59.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          169      3.96%     63.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          137      3.21%     66.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          221      5.18%     71.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          865     20.27%     92.08% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07          338      7.92%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 47854221.181337      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalReadBytes           2042904                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 78069.353327                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 408323.090008                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         4094     95.92%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           43      1.01%     96.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           29      0.68%     97.61% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           55      1.29%     98.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           26      0.61%     99.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            2      0.05%     99.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           10      0.23%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            4      0.09%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            1      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            2      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            2      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 78050.787005      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3332                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       510726                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36669.386325                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32673.984291                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23207.501850                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          198      0.04%      0.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       303714     59.47%     59.51% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       104475     20.46%     79.96% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        76261     14.93%     94.89% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          116      0.02%     94.92% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          106      0.02%     94.94% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         3076      0.60%     95.54% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        19704      3.86%     99.40% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         3067      0.60%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       510726                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          833                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          833    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          833                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       510726                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   110867.755900                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  19617430.052655                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       170118     33.31%     33.31% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        36618      7.17%     40.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          128      0.03%     40.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       192131     37.62%     78.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         4109      0.80%     78.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           59      0.01%     78.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        76271     14.93%     93.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           44      0.01%     93.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          107      0.02%     93.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          113      0.02%     93.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           65      0.01%     93.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           46      0.01%     93.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           58      0.01%     93.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           22      0.00%     93.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        30837      6.04%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        32500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14009604500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::total        510726                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          833                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 68261553.421369                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 515537977.173362                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          239     28.69%     28.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     28.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     28.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          128     15.37%     44.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     44.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     44.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     44.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          187     22.45%     66.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     66.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     66.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     66.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     66.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     66.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     66.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     66.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     66.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     66.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     66.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          279     33.49%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14522505500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          833                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        511559                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     110687.223761                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    19601449.416538                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          478      0.09%      0.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          316      0.06%      0.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          331      0.06%      0.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       170118     33.25%     33.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        36635      7.16%     40.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%     40.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       191953     37.52%     78.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         4109      0.80%     78.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000          106      0.02%     78.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        76254     14.91%     93.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           44      0.01%     93.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          134      0.03%     93.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           69      0.01%     93.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           70      0.01%     93.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           60      0.01%     93.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           31      0.01%     93.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           22      0.00%     93.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        30829      6.03%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14009604500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::total          511559                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.429475                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.495059                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         2435     57.05%     57.05% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1833     42.95%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         4268    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::mean   119.634958                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    70.568523                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          625     14.64%     14.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          130      3.05%     17.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          108      2.53%     20.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          137      3.21%     23.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          218      5.11%     28.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          340      7.97%     36.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          348      8.15%     44.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          248      5.81%     50.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          203      4.76%     55.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          218      5.11%     60.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          230      5.39%     65.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          372      8.72%     74.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::192-207         1091     25.56%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.195173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.020808                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::0           4025     94.31%     94.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::1             69      1.62%     95.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::2             43      1.01%     96.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::3             29      0.68%     97.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::4             47      1.10%     98.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::5              8      0.19%     98.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::6             26      0.61%     99.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::7              2      0.05%     99.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::8             10      0.23%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::10             4      0.09%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::12             1      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::14             2      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::16             1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::17             1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     32278862                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     32278862                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      2384388                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      2384388                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.Smon-slave      1023118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port     21395744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::total     22418862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port     45991944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::total     45991944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port       915694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::total       915694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count::total      69326500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.Smon-slave      2046236                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port     35345920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::total     37392156                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port     91983888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::total     91983888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port       473639                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::total       473639                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size::total      129849683                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  16139431000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  34425942400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   2384388000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1567291000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     12595245                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     21002865                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       219923                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       505699                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1258328000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  10073363000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      6780000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    101141300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedReq             12815168                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedResp            21508564                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           457847                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqFail               50745                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     26418500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          457847                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespFail               2880                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       587000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1265108000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  10174504300                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    256196000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       511559                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  18267623000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         42.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     34151691                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  11877295000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         27.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     11209431                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  23581540200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         55.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     22995972                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    534398200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       457847                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_access              23188109                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_access              11294696                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            511116                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numCycles                85380305                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedInsts           22167178                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedOps             22167360                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     18562288                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_func_calls                182                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2473058                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_insts            18562288                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_reads     33996678                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_writes     13701501                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     93223251                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     13751578                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_mem_refs             11294696                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_load_insts            8907057                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_store_insts           2387639                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_busy_cycles          85380305                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.Branches                  3605254                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         10872664     49.05%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemRead         8907057     40.18%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        2387639     10.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::total          22167360                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       510330                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       510330    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       510330                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          786                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          786    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          786                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 47816869.728210                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 28072544.149605                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          630     14.76%     14.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07          174      4.08%     18.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07          195      4.57%     23.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07          301      7.05%     30.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07          480     11.25%     41.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07          355      8.32%     50.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07          278      6.51%     56.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07          315      7.38%     63.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07          390      9.14%     73.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07         1149     26.92%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 47817116.605522      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalReadBytes           2041320                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 73664.479850                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 428436.119171                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         4122     96.58%     96.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           26      0.61%     97.19% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           16      0.37%     97.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           57      1.34%     98.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           23      0.54%     99.44% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           13      0.30%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            3      0.07%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            3      0.07%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            1      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            3      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 73646.961088      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3144                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       510330                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36302.701193                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32381.835790                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23082.892802                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          241      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       306943     60.15%     60.19% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       110121     21.58%     81.77% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        67138     13.16%     94.93% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          103      0.02%     94.95% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           95      0.02%     94.97% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         3187      0.62%     95.59% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        19250      3.77%     99.36% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         3244      0.64%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       510330                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          786                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          786    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          786                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       510330                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   111075.338506                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  19719775.050839                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       170474     33.40%     33.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        38856      7.61%     41.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          163      0.03%     41.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       198374     38.87%     79.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         4163      0.82%     80.74% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           42      0.01%     80.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        67110     13.15%     93.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           45      0.01%     93.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          108      0.02%     93.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           92      0.02%     93.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           58      0.01%     93.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           38      0.01%     93.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           59      0.01%     93.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           28      0.01%     93.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        30719      6.02%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14077539000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::total        510330                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          786                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 71845582.061069                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 523325667.288765                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          273     34.73%     34.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     34.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     34.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          162     20.61%     55.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     55.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     55.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     55.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          123     15.65%     70.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     70.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     70.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     70.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     70.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     70.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     70.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     70.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     70.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     70.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     70.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          228     29.01%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14193734000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          786                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        511116                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     110904.525587                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    19704605.974666                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          547      0.11%      0.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          280      0.05%      0.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            1      0.00%      0.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          231      0.05%      0.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       170474     33.35%     33.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        38865      7.60%     41.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            1      0.00%     41.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       198262     38.79%     79.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         4163      0.81%     80.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           89      0.02%     80.79% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        67101     13.13%     93.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           45      0.01%     93.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          143      0.03%     93.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           47      0.01%     93.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           60      0.01%     93.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           51      0.01%     93.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           24      0.00%     93.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           28      0.01%     93.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        30704      6.01%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14077539000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::total          511116                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.443065                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.496806                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         2377     55.69%     55.69% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1891     44.31%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         4268    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::mean   119.541940                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    70.178522                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          606     14.20%     14.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          117      2.74%     16.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          126      2.95%     19.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          165      3.87%     23.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          204      4.78%     28.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          348      8.15%     36.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          339      7.94%     44.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          255      5.97%     50.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          207      4.85%     55.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          235      5.51%     60.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          258      6.04%     67.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          345      8.08%     75.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::192-207         1060     24.84%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            3      0.07%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.184161                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.071090                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::0-1         4122     96.58%     96.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::2-3           42      0.98%     97.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::4-5           57      1.34%     98.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::6-7           23      0.54%     99.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::8-9           13      0.30%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::10-11            3      0.07%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::12-13            3      0.07%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::14-15            1      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::16-17            3      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::18-19            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::20-21            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::22-23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::24-25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::26-27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::28-29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::30-31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::32-33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::34-35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::36-37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::38-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     32530047                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     32530048                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      2403791                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      2403791                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave      1022232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     21567160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total     22589392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     46376217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total     46376217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port       902068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total       902068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count::total      69867677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave      2044464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     35607542                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total     37652006                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     92752436                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total     92752436                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port       466961                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total       466961                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size::total      130871403                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  16265023500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  34691928800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   2403791000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1580947100                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     12695108                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     21180558                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       219365                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       505350                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1267502500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  10162492500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      6737500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    101070000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedReq             12914473                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedResp            21685908                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           451034                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqFail               50370                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     26197500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          451034                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespFail               2682                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       548900                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1274240000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  10263562500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    255951000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       511116                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  18412863500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         43.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     34422722                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  11969279300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         28.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     11294696                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  23777396600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         55.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     23188109                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    526200000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       451034                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_access              23849130                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_access              11547052                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            488698                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numCycles                85380304                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedInsts           22784731                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedOps             22784879                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     19037927                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_func_calls                148                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2561581                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_insts            19037927                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_reads     34793005                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_writes     14018914                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     95623719                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     14177942                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_mem_refs             11547052                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_load_insts            9089694                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_store_insts           2457358                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_busy_cycles          85380304                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.Branches                  3747100                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         11237827     49.32%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemRead         9089694     39.89%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        2457358     10.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::total          22784879                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       487956                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       487956    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       487956                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          742                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          742    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          742                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 45731583.880037                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 28444452.804687                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          652     15.28%     15.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           83      1.94%     17.22% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           96      2.25%     19.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           83      1.94%     21.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          104      2.44%     23.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          106      2.48%     26.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          138      3.23%     29.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          175      4.10%     33.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          238      5.58%     39.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          205      4.80%     44.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          172      4.03%     48.08% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          146      3.42%     51.50% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          158      3.70%     55.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          143      3.35%     58.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          174      4.08%     62.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          153      3.58%     66.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          203      4.76%     70.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          220      5.15%     76.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          708     16.59%     92.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07          311      7.29%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 45720708.071961      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalReadBytes           1951824                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 69540.768510                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 365105.677934                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-262143         4035     94.54%     94.54% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::262144-524287           71      1.66%     96.20% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-786431            0      0.00%     96.20% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::786432-1.04858e+06           52      1.22%     97.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.31072e+06           16      0.37%     97.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.31072e+06-1.57286e+06            0      0.00%     97.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-1.83501e+06           49      1.15%     98.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.83501e+06-2.09715e+06            7      0.16%     99.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.3593e+06            0      0.00%     99.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.3593e+06-2.62144e+06           16      0.37%     99.48% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-2.88358e+06            5      0.12%     99.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.88358e+06-3.14573e+06            0      0.00%     99.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.40787e+06            8      0.19%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.40787e+06-3.67002e+06            1      0.02%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-3.93216e+06            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.93216e+06-4.1943e+06            6      0.14%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.45645e+06            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.45645e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-4.98074e+06            2      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.98074e+06-5.24288e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 69524.230442      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           2968                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       487956                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36522.043996                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32580.852428                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23108.349276                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          191      0.04%      0.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       289099     59.25%     59.29% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       106976     21.92%     81.21% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        66804     13.69%     94.90% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           97      0.02%     94.92% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          127      0.03%     94.95% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         3095      0.63%     95.58% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        18475      3.79%     99.37% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         3082      0.63%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            7      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       487956                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          742                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          742    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          742                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       487956                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   116230.315848                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  20233850.483072                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            7      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       160392     32.87%     32.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        33467      6.86%     39.73% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          121      0.02%     39.76% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       192897     39.53%     79.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         4270      0.88%     80.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           56      0.01%     80.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        66799     13.69%     93.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           50      0.01%     93.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          105      0.02%     93.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           84      0.02%     93.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           48      0.01%     93.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           39      0.01%     93.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           67      0.01%     93.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           39      0.01%     93.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        29515      6.05%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14123289000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::total        487956                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          742                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 77151872.641509                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 558246405.298887                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          200     26.95%     26.95% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     26.95% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     26.95% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          120     16.17%     43.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     43.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     43.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     43.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          163     21.97%     65.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     65.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     65.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     65.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     65.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     65.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     65.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     65.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     65.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     65.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     65.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          259     34.91%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14828891000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          742                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        488698                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     116053.841022                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    20218482.300879                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          407      0.08%      0.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          300      0.06%      0.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            2      0.00%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          317      0.06%      0.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       160392     32.82%     33.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        33467      6.85%     39.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            1      0.00%     39.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       192725     39.44%     79.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         4270      0.87%     80.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           95      0.02%     80.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        66799     13.67%     93.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           50      0.01%     93.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          133      0.03%     93.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           48      0.01%     93.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           52      0.01%     93.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           54      0.01%     93.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           39      0.01%     93.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           39      0.01%     93.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        29508      6.04%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14123289000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::total          488698                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.418229                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.493326                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         2483     58.18%     58.18% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1785     41.82%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         4268    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::mean   114.328960                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    71.118679                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          701     16.42%     16.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          130      3.05%     19.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          140      3.28%     22.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          161      3.77%     26.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          222      5.20%     31.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          335      7.85%     39.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          313      7.33%     46.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          234      5.48%     52.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          224      5.25%     57.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          247      5.79%     63.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          266      6.23%     69.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          371      8.69%     78.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          921     21.58%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            3      0.07%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.173852                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.912764                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::0           4035     94.54%     94.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::1             71      1.66%     96.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::2             52      1.22%     97.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::3             16      0.37%     97.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::4             49      1.15%     98.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::5              7      0.16%     99.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::6             16      0.37%     99.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::7              5      0.12%     99.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::8              8      0.19%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::9              1      0.02%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::10             6      0.14%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::12             2      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     33352373                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     33352372                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      2473044                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      2473044                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave       977396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     22116708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total     23094104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     47698261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total     47698261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port       858468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total       858468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count::total      71650833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave      1954792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     36305676                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total     38260468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     95396520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total     95396520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port       444726                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total       444726                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size::total      134101714                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  16676186500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  35560026400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   2473044000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1633799600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     13019733                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     21797908                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       208897                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       483475                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1299134500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  10490963600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      6470500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     96695500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedReq             13228630                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedResp            22281383                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           429234                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqFail               48076                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     25051500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          429234                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespFail               3709                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       762300                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1305605000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  10587659100                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    244720000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       488698                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  18904510500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         44.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     35336719                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  12246067600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         28.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     11547052                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  24447394400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         57.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     23849130                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    500364000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       429234                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_access              24111088                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_access              11651605                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            481291                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numCycles                85380305                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedInsts           23034501                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedOps             23034663                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     19233579                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_func_calls                162                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2595963                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_insts            19233579                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_reads     35123395                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_writes     14154269                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     96609003                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     14348284                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_mem_refs             11651605                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_load_insts            9168338                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_store_insts           2483267                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_busy_cycles          85380305                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.Branches                  3801246                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         11383058     49.42%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemRead         9168338     39.80%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        2483267     10.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::total          23034663                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       480448                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       480448    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       480448                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          843                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          843    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          843                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 45021087.160262                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 27802487.366470                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          620     14.53%     14.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           70      1.64%     16.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           94      2.20%     18.37% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           98      2.30%     20.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07           96      2.25%     22.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          116      2.72%     25.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          154      3.61%     29.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          224      5.25%     34.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          298      6.98%     41.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          213      4.99%     46.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          187      4.38%     50.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          145      3.40%     54.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          150      3.51%     57.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          124      2.91%     60.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          165      3.87%     64.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          177      4.15%     68.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          169      3.96%     72.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          212      4.97%     77.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          676     15.84%     93.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07          280      6.56%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 45017220.306252      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalReadBytes           1921792                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 79006.560450                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 448751.356689                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         4099     96.04%     96.04% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           49      1.15%     97.19% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           23      0.54%     97.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           54      1.27%     98.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           20      0.47%     99.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            0      0.00%     99.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06            5      0.12%     99.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            9      0.21%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            4      0.09%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            1      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            2      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 78987.771243      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3372                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       480448                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36512.958739                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32537.325463                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23182.000548                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          225      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       287926     59.93%     59.98% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        99059     20.62%     80.59% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        68713     14.30%     94.90% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           78      0.02%     94.91% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          113      0.02%     94.94% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         3045      0.63%     95.57% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        18408      3.83%     99.40% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         2868      0.60%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       480448                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          843                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          843    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          843                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       480448                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   117839.088726                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  20283253.941806                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            6      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       155090     32.28%     32.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        36888      7.68%     39.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          150      0.03%     39.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       185947     38.70%     78.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         3956      0.82%     79.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           46      0.01%     79.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        68730     14.31%     93.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           48      0.01%     93.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           91      0.02%     93.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           90      0.02%     93.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           32      0.01%     93.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           39      0.01%     93.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           54      0.01%     93.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           31      0.01%     93.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        29248      6.09%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14048447000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::total        480448                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          843                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 67917706.405694                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 532455821.206052                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          257     30.49%     30.49% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     30.49% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     30.49% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          149     17.67%     48.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     48.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     48.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     48.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          174     20.64%     68.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     68.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     68.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     68.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     68.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     68.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     68.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     68.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     68.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     68.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     68.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          263     31.20%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  15098046000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          843                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        481291                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     117632.688955                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    20265481.063722                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          520      0.11%      0.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          318      0.07%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            1      0.00%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          310      0.06%      0.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       155090     32.22%     32.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        36906      7.67%     40.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            1      0.00%     40.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       185787     38.60%     78.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         3956      0.82%     79.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           91      0.02%     79.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        68712     14.28%     93.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           48      0.01%     93.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          120      0.02%     93.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           45      0.01%     93.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           39      0.01%     93.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           52      0.01%     93.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           25      0.01%     93.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           31      0.01%     93.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        29239      6.08%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14048447000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::total          481291                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.415886                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.492932                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         2493     58.41%     58.41% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1775     41.59%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         4268    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::mean   112.552718                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    69.505807                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          657     15.39%     15.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          127      2.98%     18.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          141      3.30%     21.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          175      4.10%     25.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          272      6.37%     32.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          415      9.72%     41.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          318      7.45%     49.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          229      5.37%     54.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          214      5.01%     59.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          235      5.51%     65.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          270      6.33%     71.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          382      8.95%     80.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          832     19.49%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.197516                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.121878                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::0-1         4099     96.04%     96.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::2-3           72      1.69%     97.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::4-5           54      1.27%     98.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::6-7           20      0.47%     99.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::8-9            5      0.12%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::10-11            9      0.21%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::12-13            4      0.09%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::14-15            1      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::16-17            2      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::18-19            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::20-21            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::22-23            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::24-25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::26-27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::28-29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::30-31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::32-33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::34-35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::36-37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::38-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     33684830                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     33684830                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      2499104                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      2499104                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave       962582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     22340628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total     23303210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     48222176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total     48222176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port       842482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total       842482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count::total      72367868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave      1925164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     36615831                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total     38540995                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     96444352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total     96444352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port       436871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total       436871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size::total      135422218                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  16842415000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  35911833400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   2499104000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1653486200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     13151994                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     22041330                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       204869                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       476054                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1310962000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  10618414200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      6474500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     95211300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedReq             13356863                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedResp            22517384                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           421241                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqFail               47128                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     24495500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          421241                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespFail               2892                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       590900                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1317436500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  10713625500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    241067000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       481291                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  19100452000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         44.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     35702643                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  12361461900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         29.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     11651605                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  24712977600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         57.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     24111088                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    490880100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       421241                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_access              23651360                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_access              11465743                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            491541                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numCycles                85380307                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedInsts           22601871                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedOps             22602051                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     18893973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_func_calls                180                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2536975                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_insts            18893973                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_reads     34543067                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_writes     13921469                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     94897065                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     14055991                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_mem_refs             11465743                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_load_insts            9030304                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_store_insts           2435439                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_busy_cycles          85380307                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.Branches                  3708258                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         11136308     49.27%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemRead         9030304     39.95%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        2435439     10.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::total          22602051                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       490762                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       490762    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       490762                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          779                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          779    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          779                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 45992783.505155                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 28312742.440755                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          646     15.14%     15.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           68      1.59%     16.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           96      2.25%     18.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           72      1.69%     20.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          110      2.58%     23.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          109      2.55%     25.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          120      2.81%     28.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          172      4.03%     32.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          284      6.65%     39.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          220      5.15%     44.45% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          187      4.38%     48.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          113      2.65%     51.48% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          139      3.26%     54.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          142      3.33%     58.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          182      4.26%     62.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          160      3.75%     66.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          177      4.15%     70.22% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          226      5.30%     75.52% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          805     18.86%     94.38% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07          240      5.62%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 45983625.849076      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalReadBytes           1963048                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 73008.434864                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 386547.447783                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         4110     96.30%     96.30% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           28      0.66%     96.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           25      0.59%     97.54% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           64      1.50%     99.04% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           24      0.56%     99.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            1      0.02%     99.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06            4      0.09%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            8      0.19%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            2      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            2      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 72991.072121      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3116                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       490762                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36740.627840                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32723.774491                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23239.774303                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          219      0.04%      0.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       291629     59.42%     59.47% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        98342     20.04%     79.51% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        75440     15.37%     94.88% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          107      0.02%     94.90% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          123      0.03%     94.93% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         3188      0.65%     95.58% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        18592      3.79%     99.36% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         3109      0.63%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       490762                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          779                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          779    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          779                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       490762                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   115310.633260                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  20015209.247262                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       160300     32.66%     32.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        34936      7.12%     39.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          139      0.03%     39.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       185634     37.83%     77.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         3974      0.81%     78.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           51      0.01%     78.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        75426     15.37%     93.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           44      0.01%     93.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          108      0.02%     93.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           99      0.02%     93.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           55      0.01%     93.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           41      0.01%     93.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           68      0.01%     93.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           36      0.01%     93.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        29851      6.08%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        32500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14010274500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::total        490762                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          779                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 72971545.571245                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 534198739.170330                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          246     31.58%     31.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     31.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     31.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          139     17.84%     49.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     49.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     49.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     49.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          134     17.20%     66.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     66.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     66.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     66.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     66.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     66.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     66.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     66.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     66.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     66.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     66.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          260     33.38%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14496672000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          779                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        491541                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     115127.887602                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    19999341.863381                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          492      0.10%      0.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          282      0.06%      0.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            2      0.00%      0.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          258      0.05%      0.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       160300     32.61%     32.82% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        34945      7.11%     39.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%     39.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       185503     37.74%     77.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         3974      0.81%     78.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000          102      0.02%     78.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        75417     15.34%     93.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           44      0.01%     93.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          138      0.03%     93.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           48      0.01%     93.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           63      0.01%     93.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           56      0.01%     93.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           38      0.01%     93.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           36      0.01%     93.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        29843      6.07%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14010274500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::total          491541                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.418229                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.493326                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         2483     58.18%     58.18% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1785     41.82%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         4268    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::mean   114.981724                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    70.791085                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          678     15.89%     15.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          136      3.19%     19.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          129      3.02%     22.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          170      3.98%     26.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          198      4.64%     30.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          380      8.90%     39.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          329      7.71%     47.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          205      4.80%     52.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          214      5.01%     57.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          260      6.09%     63.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          252      5.90%     69.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          377      8.83%     77.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          939     22.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.182521                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.966369                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::0           4038     94.61%     94.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::1             72      1.69%     96.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::2             28      0.66%     96.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::3             25      0.59%     97.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::4             59      1.38%     98.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::5              5      0.12%     99.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::6             24      0.56%     99.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::7              1      0.02%     99.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::8              4      0.09%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::10             8      0.19%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::12             2      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::14             2      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     33100083                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     33100084                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      2451328                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      2451328                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.Smon-slave       983082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     21948404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total     22931486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     47302719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total     47302719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port       868618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total       868618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count::total      71102823                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.Smon-slave      1966164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     36080674                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total     38046838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     94605440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total     94605440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port       450002                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total       450002                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size::total      133102280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  16550041500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  35293409600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   2451328000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1618047400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     12920642                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     21614294                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       209544                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       486270                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1288562500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  10395930100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      6445000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     97255500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedReq             13130186                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedResp            22100564                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           434309                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqFail               48321                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     25101000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          434309                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespFail               2996                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       619700                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1295007500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  10493185600                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    246160000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       491541                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  18755209500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         43.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     35059870                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  12159028700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         28.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     11465743                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  24245950600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         56.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     23651360                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    506477700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       434309                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_access              23087139                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_access              11237778                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            504325                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numCycles                85380306                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedInsts           22070701                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedOps             22070915                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     18477169                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_func_calls                214                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2464429                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_insts            18477169                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_reads     33830989                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_writes     13635717                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     92795331                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     13697258                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_mem_refs             11237778                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_load_insts            8860862                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_store_insts           2376916                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_busy_cycles          85380306                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.Branches                  3593960                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         10833137     49.08%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemRead         8860862     40.15%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        2376916     10.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::total          22070915                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       503412                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       503412    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       503412                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          913                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          913    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          913                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 47168884.723524                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 27780479.444651                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          579     13.57%     13.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           57      1.34%     14.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           75      1.76%     16.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           86      2.01%     18.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          114      2.67%     21.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          102      2.39%     23.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          129      3.02%     26.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          181      4.24%     31.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          257      6.02%     37.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          249      5.83%     42.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          212      4.97%     47.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          130      3.05%     50.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          168      3.94%     54.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          128      3.00%     57.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          134      3.14%     60.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          141      3.30%     64.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          172      4.03%     68.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          224      5.25%     73.52% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          942     22.07%     95.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07          188      4.40%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 47168910.909840      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalReadBytes           2013648                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 85567.010309                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 434969.789252                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         4088     95.78%     95.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           40      0.94%     96.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           17      0.40%     97.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           63      1.48%     98.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           32      0.75%     99.34% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            1      0.02%     99.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           14      0.33%     99.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            6      0.14%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            5      0.12%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            2      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 85546.660907      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3652                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       503412                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 37004.960152                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32931.325417                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23340.249316                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          279      0.06%      0.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       296131     58.82%     58.88% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        97797     19.43%     78.31% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        83327     16.55%     94.86% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          111      0.02%     94.88% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          105      0.02%     94.90% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         3064      0.61%     95.51% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        19334      3.84%     99.35% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         3254      0.65%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       503412                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          913                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          913    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          913                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       503412                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   112412.090892                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  19744576.267907                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            7      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       163676     32.51%     32.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        35244      7.00%     39.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          181      0.04%     39.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       185794     36.91%     76.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         4006      0.80%     77.25% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           50      0.01%     77.26% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        83288     16.54%     93.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           54      0.01%     93.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          128      0.03%     93.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          125      0.02%     93.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           60      0.01%     93.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           46      0.01%     93.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           69      0.01%     93.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           40      0.01%     93.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        30644      6.09%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  13999297500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::total        503412                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          913                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 62432594.742607                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 492245776.900374                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          310     33.95%     33.95% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     33.95% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     33.95% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          180     19.72%     53.67% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     53.67% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     53.67% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     53.67% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          143     15.66%     69.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     69.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     69.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     69.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     69.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     69.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     69.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     69.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     69.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     69.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     69.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          280     30.67%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14527501500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          913                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        504325                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     112208.586725                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    19726694.427259                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          627      0.12%      0.12% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          329      0.07%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          267      0.05%      0.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       163676     32.45%     32.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        35254      6.99%     39.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            1      0.00%     39.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       185658     36.81%     76.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         4006      0.79%     77.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000          115      0.02%     77.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        83278     16.51%     93.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           54      0.01%     93.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          161      0.03%     93.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           63      0.01%     93.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           64      0.01%     93.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           54      0.01%     93.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           36      0.01%     93.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           40      0.01%     93.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        30642      6.08%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  13999297500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::total          504325                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.428772                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.494959                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         2438     57.12%     57.12% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1830     42.88%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         4268    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::mean   117.921978                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    69.440080                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          606     14.20%     14.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          104      2.44%     16.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          151      3.54%     20.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          158      3.70%     23.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          223      5.22%     29.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          360      8.43%     37.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          369      8.65%     46.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          235      5.51%     51.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          212      4.97%     56.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          213      4.99%     61.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          227      5.32%     66.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          420      9.84%     76.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          989     23.17%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.213918                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.087424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::0           4022     94.24%     94.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::1             66      1.55%     95.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::2             40      0.94%     96.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::3             17      0.40%     97.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::4             58      1.36%     98.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::5              5      0.12%     98.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::6             32      0.75%     99.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::7              1      0.02%     99.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::8             14      0.33%     99.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%     99.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::10             6      0.14%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::12             5      0.12%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::14             2      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::total         4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     32394573                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     32394574                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      2392973                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      2392973                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.Smon-slave      1008650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port     21466906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::total     22475556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port     46174277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::total     46174277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port       925260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::total       925260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count::total      69575093                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.Smon-slave      2017300                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port     35422730                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::total     37440030                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port     92348556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::total     92348556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port       478467                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::total       478467                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size::total      130267053                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  16197286500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  34548858800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   2392973000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1574733300                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     12640026                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     21089773                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       215985                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       498420                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1262856500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  10121940400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      6691500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     99686000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedReq             12856011                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedResp            21588193                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           462630                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqFail               50867                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     26519500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          462630                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespFail               3457                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       702400                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1269548000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  10221626400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    252619000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       504325                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  18337640500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         43.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     34283221                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  11910675800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         27.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     11237778                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  23672953000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         55.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     23087139                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    539963300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       462630                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                        70                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15986.438275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        1255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                        70                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     17.928571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9333.624325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst  1112.543112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  1274.793945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst   306.997376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   428.677353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.itb.walker            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst  1003.983960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data  1263.778640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst           22                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   121.527980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data    72.999553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst           47                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data    70.691097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst           55                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data    74.838472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   239.982462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.569679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.067904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.077807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.018738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.026164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.061278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.077135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.001343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.007417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.010315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.004456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.002869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.004315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.003357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.004568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.023132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.014647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.975735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16035                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15909                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000610                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978699                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     76210                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    76210                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst          720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst          767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst          677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst          633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst         1037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    8266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks              996                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                   996                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   25                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst           720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data           249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst           767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data           243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst           677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data           261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst           633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data           228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst           650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data           261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst           771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data           238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst           821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data           297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst          1037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     8341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst          720                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data          249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst          767                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data          243                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst          677                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data          261                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst          633                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data          228                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data          261                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           24                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          771                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data          238                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          821                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          297                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst         1037                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    8341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                     4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                     14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                    14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       296500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total          545499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       392000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       195500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        66000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       195500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1109000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       250000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       314000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       444000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1008000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       374500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       610500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       444000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total          1553499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       374500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       610500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       444000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total         1553499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         1037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                8270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          996                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total               996                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           23                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data          249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data          243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data          261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data          262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         1037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 8355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data          249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data          243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data          261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data          228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data          262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         1037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                8355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.003968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.004329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.007092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.000484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.875000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.909091                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.636364                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.444444                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.653846                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.766355                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.677419                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.217391                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.003817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.012448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.016556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.018248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.001676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.003817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.012448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.016556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.018248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.001676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       148250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136374.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  4642.857143                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        19600                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10833.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data         6500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        16250                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 27928.571429                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        16500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        11500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13524.390244                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        65000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3095.238095                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       125000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 104666.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        88800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       100800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 124833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       122100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        88800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110964.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 124833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       122100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        88800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110964.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   34                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        34                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            82                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total                14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total               14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       274500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       501499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       759500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1085000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       325500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       542500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       216500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       380000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       218500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       920000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4447500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       163000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       324500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       108000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       163000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       217000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1137500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       228000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       281000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       389000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       898000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       341500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       555500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       389000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1399499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       341500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       555500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       389000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1399499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  12908675464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  12868557956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  12863643454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  12905337464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  12859041946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  12734326963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data  12839276945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data  12806311943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 102785172135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    479341998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    479817997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data    479859496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    479587494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data    480250999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data    479587996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data    479850493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data    479223497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3837519970                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  13388017462                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  13348375953                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  13343502950                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  13384924958                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  13339292945                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  13213914959                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data  13319127438                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data  13285535440                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 106622692105                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.003968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.004329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.007092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.909091                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.636364                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.653846                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766355                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677419                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.150000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.217391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.003817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.012448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.016556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.018248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.003817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.012448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.016556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.018248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       137250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125374.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        54250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        54125                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54285.714286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        54625                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54117.647059                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54237.804878                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54333.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54083.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54333.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54166.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       114000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 93666.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        77800                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        89800                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 113833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       111100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        77800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99964.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 113833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       111100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        77800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99964.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                      19055                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples       856319                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.000596                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000013                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.389706                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         856317    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total        856319                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31863                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.056774                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.578723                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     4.494999                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31854     99.97%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271            9      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31863                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples          4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     20072985.004686                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1336193.289858                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06            8      0.19%      0.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            4      0.09%      0.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            2      0.05%      0.33% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            8      0.19%      0.52% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            1      0.02%      0.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%      0.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            4      0.09%      0.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07           15      0.35%      0.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07           40      0.94%      1.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07         4169     97.68%     99.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07           15      0.35%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total            4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        20070881.686356      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                    856829                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1535238.987816                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   1359606.780186                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06         3484     81.63%     81.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06          775     18.16%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            2      0.05%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            7      0.16%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total           4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       1535131.550537      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                  65535                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples          856319                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       11360.327168                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      11358.854804                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev        218.573109                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::8192-16383       856317    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total            856319                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples          31855                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean      11481.466018                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11478.609666                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev       259.548459                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        31093     97.61%     97.61% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          760      2.39%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            2      0.01%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total            31855                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples              856319                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           49797.347717                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          39526.793806                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                  616      0.07%      0.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000             3505      0.41%      0.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000           11032      1.29%      1.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000           23067      2.69%      4.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000           38382      4.48%      8.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000           54252      6.34%     15.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000           70638      8.25%     23.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000           78440      9.16%     32.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000           90012     10.51%     43.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000           91777     10.72%     53.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000           88122     10.29%     64.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000           79948      9.34%     73.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000           68922      8.05%     81.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000           51973      6.07%     87.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000           37845      4.42%     92.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000           21790      2.54%     94.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000           10440      1.22%     95.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000            3400      0.40%     96.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000           27450      3.21%     99.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1084      0.13%     99.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows              3624      0.42%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          28852000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                856319                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples             31863                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         1338648.369582                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1709510.407666                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              6      0.02%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            20      0.06%      0.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            28      0.09%      0.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            47      0.15%      0.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            74      0.23%      0.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000           101      0.32%      0.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000           140      0.44%      1.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000           166      0.52%      1.83% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000           150      0.47%      2.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000           120      0.38%      2.67% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000           137      0.43%      3.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000           114      0.36%      3.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            78      0.24%      3.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            51      0.16%      3.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            27      0.08%      3.95% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            12      0.04%      3.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            39      0.12%      4.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           112      0.35%      4.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         6545     20.54%     25.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows           23896     75.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value            8000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value        44244000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total               31863                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                888182                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             48023.212585                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            46693.606342                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                    647      0.07%      0.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000               3777      0.43%      0.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000             11787      1.33%      1.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000             24681      2.78%      4.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000             41291      4.65%      9.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000             58327      6.57%     15.82% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000             75933      8.55%     24.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000             84449      9.51%     33.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000             96819     10.90%     44.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000             98804     11.12%     55.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000             94832     10.68%     66.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000             86006      9.68%     76.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000             74067      8.34%     84.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000             56001      6.31%     90.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000             40710      4.58%     95.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000             23391      2.63%     98.12% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000             11262      1.27%     99.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000              3623      0.41%     99.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000               994      0.11%     99.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000               83      0.01%     99.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows                 698      0.08%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            38794000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                  888182                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.224695                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.419670                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0             3313     77.62%     77.62% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              951     22.28%     99.91% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                4      0.09%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.009841                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.098722                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0            4226     99.02%     99.02% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1              42      0.98%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples              4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean           200.610122                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev           13.508907                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-15                    7      0.16%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-31                   3      0.07%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-47                   3      0.07%      0.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-63                   2      0.05%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-79                   7      0.16%      0.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::80-95                   1      0.02%      0.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::96-111                  2      0.05%      0.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::112-127                 0      0.00%      0.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::128-143                 2      0.05%      0.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::144-159                17      0.40%      1.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::160-175                14      0.33%      1.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::176-191                31      0.73%      2.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::192-207              4003     93.79%     95.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::208-223               176      4.12%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::224-239                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples             4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            7.464386                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           2.992671                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                     12      0.28%      0.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                     39      0.91%      1.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    108      2.53%      3.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                    217      5.08%      8.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                    304      7.12%     15.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                    460     10.78%     26.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                    526     12.32%     39.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                    598     14.01%     53.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                    535     12.54%     65.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                    424      9.93%     75.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                   371      8.69%     84.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                   265      6.21%     90.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                   165      3.87%     94.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                   112      2.62%     96.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                    79      1.85%     98.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                    27      0.63%     99.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                    19      0.45%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     5      0.12%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total               4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples       856217                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.001191                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000026                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.551160                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         856213    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total        856217                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31961                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.043491                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.580279                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     4.014490                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31954     99.98%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271            7      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31961                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples          4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     20082685.098407                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1432840.771358                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06           11      0.26%      0.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           10      0.23%      0.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            3      0.07%      0.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           18      0.42%      0.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07         4206     98.55%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07           16      0.37%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            1      0.02%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            1      0.02%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            2      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total            4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        20080438.925581      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                    857237                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1523992.502343                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   1145480.841207                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06         3442     80.65%     80.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06          819     19.19%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            1      0.02%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            4      0.09%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            2      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total           4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       1529907.863412      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                  65312                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples          856217                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       11360.723041                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      11359.059454                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev        275.416649                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::8192-16383       856212    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total            856217                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples          31954                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean      11485.141140                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11482.146250                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev       266.025797                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        31126     97.41%     97.41% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          828      2.59%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total            31954                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples              856217                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           49802.492826                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          39531.787873                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                  515      0.06%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000             3445      0.40%      0.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000           10097      1.18%      1.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000           23094      2.70%      4.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000           38043      4.44%      8.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000           53950      6.30%     15.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000           70068      8.18%     23.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000           79114      9.24%     32.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000           91681     10.71%     43.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000           91407     10.68%     53.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000           89845     10.49%     64.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000           80490      9.40%     73.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000           68211      7.97%     81.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000           51572      6.02%     87.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000           37486      4.38%     92.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000           21993      2.57%     94.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000            9566      1.12%     95.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000            3320      0.39%     96.23% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000           27595      3.22%     99.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1148      0.13%     99.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows              3577      0.42%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          28461000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                856217                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples             31961                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         1334057.069554                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1693852.341983                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  1      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              6      0.02%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            18      0.06%      0.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            39      0.12%      0.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            58      0.18%      0.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            75      0.23%      0.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000           115      0.36%      0.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000           114      0.36%      1.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000           144      0.45%      1.78% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000           150      0.47%      2.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000           136      0.43%      2.68% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000           121      0.38%      3.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            93      0.29%      3.35% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            77      0.24%      3.59% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            53      0.17%      3.75% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            32      0.10%      3.85% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            15      0.05%      3.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            34      0.11%      4.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           110      0.34%      4.35% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         6559     20.52%     24.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows           24011     75.13%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value            5000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value        33911000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total               31961                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                888178                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             48010.354906                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            37111.066406                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                    546      0.06%      0.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000               3705      0.42%      0.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000             10892      1.23%      1.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000             24783      2.79%      4.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000             41034      4.62%      9.12% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000             58115      6.54%     15.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000             75271      8.47%     24.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000             85113      9.58%     33.72% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000             98484     11.09%     44.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000             98307     11.07%     55.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000             96591     10.88%     66.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000             86552      9.74%     76.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000             73403      8.26%     84.76% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000             55595      6.26%     91.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000             40364      4.54%     95.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000             23716      2.67%     98.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000             10382      1.17%     99.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000              3551      0.40%     99.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000              1006      0.11%     99.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000               75      0.01%     99.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows                 693      0.08%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            28110000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                  888178                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.221649                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.416532                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0             3324     77.88%     77.88% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              942     22.07%     99.95% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                2      0.05%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.010778                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.103268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0            4222     98.92%     98.92% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1              46      1.08%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples              4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean           200.587395                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev           13.457764                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-15                    7      0.16%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-31                   3      0.07%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-47                   3      0.07%      0.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-63                   2      0.05%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-79                   7      0.16%      0.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::80-95                   1      0.02%      0.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::96-111                  2      0.05%      0.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::112-127                 0      0.00%      0.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::128-143                 2      0.05%      0.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::144-159                17      0.40%      1.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::160-175                16      0.37%      1.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::176-191                34      0.80%      2.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::192-207              4004     93.81%     96.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::208-223               170      3.98%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::224-239                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples             4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            7.486176                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           2.995747                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0-1                   56      1.31%      1.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2-3                  291      6.82%      8.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4-5                  780     18.28%     26.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6-7                 1102     25.82%     52.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8-9                 1006     23.57%     75.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10-11                623     14.60%     90.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12-13                288      6.75%     97.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14-15                 92      2.16%     99.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16-17                 23      0.54%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18-19                  5      0.12%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::20-21                  2      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::22-23                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::24-25                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::26-27                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::28-29                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::30-31                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::32-33                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::34-35                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::36-37                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::38-39                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total               4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples       856273                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.000893                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000019                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.477303                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         856270    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total        856273                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31900                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.084420                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.582281                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     5.123588                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31888     99.96%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           12      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31900                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples          4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     20078045.923149                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1350491.660507                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06           11      0.26%      0.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            9      0.21%      0.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            3      0.07%      0.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           18      0.42%      0.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07         4203     98.48%     99.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07           21      0.49%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            1      0.02%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total            4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        20075777.428998      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                    857038                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1551335.520150                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   1449150.805336                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06         3469     81.28%     81.28% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06          787     18.44%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            1      0.02%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            7      0.16%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            4      0.09%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total           4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       1557572.323032      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                  66493                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples          856273                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       11360.593993                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      11359.049247                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev        236.013992                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::8192-16383       856270    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total            856273                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples          31888                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean      11483.990843                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11481.038144                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev       264.124759                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        31073     97.44%     97.44% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          814      2.55%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total            31888                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples              856273                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           49805.966088                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          44636.009709                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                  595      0.07%      0.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000             3245      0.38%      0.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000            9860      1.15%      1.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000           22749      2.66%      4.26% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000           37526      4.38%      8.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000           54354      6.35%     14.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000           69769      8.15%     23.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000           80774      9.43%     32.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000           90255     10.54%     43.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000           93054     10.87%     53.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000           90258     10.54%     64.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000           80392      9.39%     73.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000           68151      7.96%     81.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000           51328      5.99%     87.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000           37517      4.38%     92.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000           20944      2.45%     94.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000            9729      1.14%     95.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000            3553      0.41%     96.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000           27567      3.22%     99.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1132      0.13%     99.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows              3521      0.41%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          34131000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                856273                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples             31900                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         1337374.514107                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1699358.772455                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              3      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            28      0.09%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            46      0.14%      0.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            58      0.18%      0.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            86      0.27%      0.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000           105      0.33%      1.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000           104      0.33%      1.35% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000           148      0.46%      1.81% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000           133      0.42%      2.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000           140      0.44%      2.67% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000           137      0.43%      3.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            97      0.30%      3.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            81      0.25%      3.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            58      0.18%      3.84% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            34      0.11%      3.94% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            22      0.07%      4.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            42      0.13%      4.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           125      0.39%      4.54% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         6462     20.26%     24.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows           23991     75.21%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value            8000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value        27605000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total               31900                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                888173                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             48033.713027                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            43068.174851                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                    628      0.07%      0.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000               3513      0.40%      0.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000             10660      1.20%      1.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000             24428      2.75%      4.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000             40380      4.55%      8.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000             58425      6.58%     15.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000             75060      8.45%     23.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000             86871      9.78%     33.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000             96935     10.91%     44.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000            100111     11.27%     55.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000             96965     10.92%     66.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000             86488      9.74%     76.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000             73275      8.25%     84.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000             55430      6.24%     91.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000             40283      4.54%     95.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000             22632      2.55%     98.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000             10524      1.18%     99.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000              3780      0.43%     99.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000              1001      0.11%     99.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000               78      0.01%     99.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows                 706      0.08%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            27605000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                  888173                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.213918                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.410117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0             3355     78.61%     78.61% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              913     21.39%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.006092                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.077821                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0            4242     99.39%     99.39% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1              26      0.61%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples              4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean           200.600750                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev           13.510455                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-15                    8      0.19%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-31                   2      0.05%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-47                   3      0.07%      0.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-63                   2      0.05%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-79                   7      0.16%      0.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::80-95                   1      0.02%      0.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::96-111                  2      0.05%      0.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::112-127                 0      0.00%      0.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::128-143                 2      0.05%      0.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::144-159                16      0.37%      1.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::160-175                17      0.40%      1.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::176-191                31      0.73%      2.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::192-207              4029     94.40%     96.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::208-223               148      3.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::224-239                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples             4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            7.471415                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           3.001192                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0-1                   68      1.59%      1.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2-3                  279      6.54%      8.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4-5                  790     18.51%     26.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6-7                 1116     26.15%     52.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8-9                  947     22.19%     74.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10-11                666     15.60%     90.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12-13                271      6.35%     96.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14-15                102      2.39%     99.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16-17                 24      0.56%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18-19                  4      0.09%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::20-21                  1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::22-23                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::24-25                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::26-27                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::28-29                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::30-31                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::32-33                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::34-35                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::36-37                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::38-39                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total               4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples       856241                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.000298                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000006                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.275576                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         856240    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total        856241                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31938                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.034943                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.579566                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     3.755836                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31932     99.98%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271            6      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31938                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples          4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     20065253.045923                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1319751.081443                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06            8      0.19%      0.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            4      0.09%      0.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            2      0.05%      0.33% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            7      0.16%      0.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            3      0.07%      0.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%      0.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            4      0.09%      0.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07           15      0.35%      1.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07           43      1.01%      2.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07         4156     97.38%     99.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07           25      0.59%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total            4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        20063081.292577      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                    856496                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples         4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1522352.389878                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   1137774.974118                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06         3441     80.62%     80.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06          821     19.24%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            4      0.09%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            2      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total           4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       1522411.989510      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                  64992                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples          856241                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       11360.418037                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      11359.009084                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev        198.854722                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::8192-16383       856240    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total            856241                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples          31931                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean      11486.207760                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11483.265488                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev       263.465182                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        31092     97.37%     97.37% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          839      2.63%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total            31931                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples              856241                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           49847.410951                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          58307.475975                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                  563      0.07%      0.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000             3750      0.44%      0.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000           10079      1.18%      1.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000           21931      2.56%      4.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000           38711      4.52%      8.76% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000           55127      6.44%     15.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000           70570      8.24%     23.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000           79136      9.24%     32.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000           89733     10.48%     43.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000           91635     10.70%     53.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000           88391     10.32%     64.19% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000           81086      9.47%     73.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000           68014      7.94%     81.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000           53270      6.22%     87.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000           37366      4.36%     92.19% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000           21064      2.46%     94.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000            9858      1.15%     95.80% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000            3669      0.43%     96.23% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000           27648      3.23%     99.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1044      0.12%     99.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows              3596      0.42%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          38775000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                856241                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples             31938                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         1337690.901121                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1750733.437604                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  1      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              8      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            12      0.04%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            42      0.13%      0.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            53      0.17%      0.36% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            83      0.26%      0.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000           105      0.33%      0.95% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000           110      0.34%      1.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000           148      0.46%      1.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000           137      0.43%      2.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000           139      0.44%      2.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000           118      0.37%      2.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000           109      0.34%      3.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            72      0.23%      3.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            62      0.19%      3.75% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            28      0.09%      3.84% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            21      0.07%      3.91% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            33      0.10%      4.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           124      0.39%      4.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         6497     20.34%     24.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows           24036     75.26%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value            4000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value        81143000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total               31938                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                888179                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             48096.508699                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            68390.796815                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                    591      0.07%      0.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000               4031      0.45%      0.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000             10888      1.23%      1.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000             23616      2.66%      4.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000             41580      4.68%      9.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000             59113      6.66%     15.74% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000             75811      8.54%     24.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000             85252      9.60%     33.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000             96509     10.87%     44.74% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000             98778     11.12%     55.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000             95194     10.72%     66.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000             87189      9.82%     76.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000             73196      8.24%     84.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000             57197      6.44%     91.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000             40161      4.52%     95.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000             22680      2.55%     98.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000             10690      1.20%     99.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000              3906      0.44%     99.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000              1013      0.11%     99.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000               84      0.01%     99.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows                 700      0.08%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            38775000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                  888179                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.228913                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.421296                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0             3293     77.16%     77.16% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              973     22.80%     99.95% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                2      0.05%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.007263                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.084925                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0            4237     99.27%     99.27% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1              31      0.73%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples              4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean           200.592549                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev           13.519080                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-15                    8      0.19%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-31                   2      0.05%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-47                   3      0.07%      0.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-63                   2      0.05%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-79                   7      0.16%      0.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::80-95                   1      0.02%      0.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::96-111                  2      0.05%      0.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::112-127                 0      0.00%      0.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::128-143                 2      0.05%      0.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::144-159                16      0.37%      1.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::160-175                17      0.40%      1.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::176-191                31      0.73%      2.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::192-207              4003     93.79%     95.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::208-223               174      4.08%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::224-239                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples             4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            7.481022                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           3.040522                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0-1                   52      1.22%      1.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2-3                  320      7.50%      8.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4-5                  798     18.70%     27.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6-7                 1069     25.05%     52.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8-9                  979     22.94%     75.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10-11                605     14.18%     89.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12-13                304      7.12%     96.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14-15                109      2.55%     99.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16-17                 30      0.70%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18-19                  1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::20-21                  1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::22-23                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::24-25                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::26-27                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::28-29                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::30-31                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::32-33                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::34-35                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::36-37                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::38-39                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total               4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples      3425058                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean        1.001340                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean       1.000029                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev       0.584577                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         3425040    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           18      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total        3425058                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       127662                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean       2.054895                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.580212                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      4.377932                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         127628     99.97%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           34      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total        127662                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples           4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      80298969.072165                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     4973906.967214                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06            7      0.16%      0.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            3      0.07%      0.23% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            2      0.05%      0.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            8      0.19%      0.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            3      0.07%      0.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%      0.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            2      0.05%      0.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07           16      0.37%      0.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07           38      0.89%      1.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07         4185     98.06%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            2      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            2      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total             4268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         80290179.333513      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                    3427600                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     6132919.400187                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    2653220.550304                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06         4219     98.85%     98.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07           21      0.49%     99.34% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.34% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           25      0.59%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            2      0.05%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total            4268                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        6145023.726491      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                  262332                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples          3425050                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        20009.654020                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       20009.246123                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev         183.674881                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-8191                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383             0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575      3425038    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            9      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total            3425050                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples          127628                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean       20062.564641                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20061.428749                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev        216.685520                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479       115698     90.65%     90.65% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527        11929      9.35%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total            127628                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples              3425058                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            12461.308392                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           28984.508544                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000               1161841     33.92%     33.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            720268     21.03%     54.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000           490351     14.32%     69.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000           371501     10.85%     80.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000           247691      7.23%     87.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000           166628      4.86%     92.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000           107795      3.15%     95.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            64502      1.88%     97.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            41902      1.22%     98.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            24253      0.71%     99.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            14479      0.42%     99.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000             6588      0.19%     99.79% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000             3914      0.11%     99.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000             1475      0.04%     99.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000              627      0.02%     99.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000              291      0.01%     99.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000              223      0.01%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000              267      0.01%     99.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000              394      0.01%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000               6      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows                 62      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           38681000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                3425058                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples             127662                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          334399.833153                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         645293.091174                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                2145      1.68%      1.68% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            1919      1.50%      3.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000           1941      1.52%      4.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000           1758      1.38%      6.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000           1761      1.38%      7.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000           1787      1.40%      8.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000           1742      1.36%     10.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000           1662      1.30%     11.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000           1753      1.37%     12.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000           1617      1.27%     14.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000           1608      1.26%     15.43% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000           1680      1.32%     16.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000           1488      1.17%     17.91% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000           1575      1.23%     19.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000           1570      1.23%     20.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000           1424      1.12%     21.49% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000           1533      1.20%     22.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           1490      1.17%     23.85% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           1410      1.10%     24.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         32203     25.23%     50.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            63596     49.82%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value             1000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value         36798500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total               127662                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                3552720                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              12016.188019                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             27327.590766                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                 1237917     34.84%     34.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000              762741     21.47%     56.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000             511680     14.40%     70.72% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000             379636     10.69%     81.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000             249257      7.02%     88.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000             164550      4.63%     93.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000             104209      2.93%     95.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000              60590      1.71%     97.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000              38089      1.07%     98.76% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000              21314      0.60%     99.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000              12186      0.34%     99.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000               5148      0.14%     99.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000               2955      0.08%     99.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000               1017      0.03%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000                411      0.01%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000                187      0.01%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                198      0.01%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                221      0.01%     99.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                338      0.01%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                 9      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                   67      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             36798500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                  3552720                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       1.584583                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      1.140110                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0               732     17.15%     17.15% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1              1473     34.51%     51.66% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2              1198     28.07%     79.73% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3               622     14.57%     94.31% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4               190      4.45%     98.76% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                51      1.19%     99.95% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 1      0.02%     99.98% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 1      0.02%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total          4268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean      0.063027                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.249699                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0             4006     93.86%     93.86% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1              255      5.97%     99.84% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                7      0.16%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total         4268                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples               4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            802.392690                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            52.844572                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-63                     7      0.16%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-127                   3      0.07%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-191                  3      0.07%      0.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-255                  2      0.05%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-319                  7      0.16%      0.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::320-383                  1      0.02%      0.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::384-447                  2      0.05%      0.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::448-511                  0      0.00%      0.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::512-575                  2      0.05%      0.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::576-639                 16      0.37%      1.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::640-703                 17      0.40%      1.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::704-767                 25      0.59%      1.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::768-831               4176     97.84%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::832-895                  7      0.16%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::896-959                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::960-1023                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::1024-1087                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::1088-1151                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::1152-1215                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::1216-1279                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                 4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples              4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean            29.902999                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            5.189447                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-3                     9      0.21%      0.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-7                     0      0.00%      0.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-11                    5      0.12%      0.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-15                  21      0.49%      0.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-19                  87      2.04%      2.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-23                 263      6.16%      9.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-27                 969     22.70%     31.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-31                1260     29.52%     61.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-35                1036     24.27%     85.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-39                 533     12.49%     98.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::40-43                  78      1.83%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::44-47                   7      0.16%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::48-51                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::52-55                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::56-59                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::60-63                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                4268                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     4562214                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    1851747                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       4                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 4562214                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                1851747                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                          6413961                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                      6413961                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    17017949                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                17017949                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         17017949                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     17017949                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        85315942                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   15166000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     16067870                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             15551050                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     911534                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       473302                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    15551050                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           24336907                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          12750216                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            61846952                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            5967994                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      6414698                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    4562417                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1852281                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              64315.487902                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              85251626.512098                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.999246                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000754                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          1395049                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  9653685     60.08%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     334      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 4562417     28.39%     88.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1852281     11.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  16068719                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              720                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           17250664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         23959.255556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         34036618                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        34036618                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     17017229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       17017229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     17017229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        17017229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     17017229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       17017229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     11158488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11158488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     11158488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11158488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     11158488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11158488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     17017949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17017949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     17017949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     17017949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     17017949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     17017949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15497.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15497.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15497.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15497.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15497.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15497.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      9707512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9707512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      9707512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9707512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      9707512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9707512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13482.655556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13482.655556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13482.655556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13482.655556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13482.655556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13482.655556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry                81                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              175                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          300.761444                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1314902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          7513.725714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   300.761444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.587425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.587425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         11936487                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        11936487                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      4130943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4130943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      1835083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1835083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           59                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           59                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          298                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          298                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          274                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          274                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data      5966026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         5966026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data      5966085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        5966085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          233                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          233                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           18                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          211                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          211                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data          787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data          805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5341481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5341481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2383500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2383500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       840000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       840000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5719500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      5719500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      7724981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      7724981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      7724981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      7724981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      4131497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4131497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      1835316                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1835316                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          488                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          488                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          485                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          485                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data      5966813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5966813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data      5966890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5966890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.233766                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.233766                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.389344                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.389344                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.435052                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.435052                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9641.662455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9641.662455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10229.613734                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10229.613734                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  4421.052632                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4421.052632                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 27106.635071                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27106.635071                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9815.731893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  9815.731893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9596.249689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  9596.249689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           18                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          211                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4219519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4219519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1917500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1917500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       138000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       138000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       358000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       358000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5297500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5297500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      6137019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6137019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      6275019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6275019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  18075284039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18075284039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    663523502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    663523502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  18738807541                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18738807541                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.233766                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233766                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.354508                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354508                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.435052                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.435052                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  7616.460289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7616.460289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8229.613734                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8229.613734                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  7666.666667                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7666.666667                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  2069.364162                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2069.364162                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 25106.635071                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25106.635071                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  7797.991105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7797.991105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  7795.054658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7795.054658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2638                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     4549824                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1847432                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 4549826                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                1847432                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          6397256                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      6397258                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    16973102                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                16973102                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         16973102                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     16973102                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                        85082249                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   15126215                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     16026308                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             15510316                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     909139                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       472334                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    15510316                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           24274197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          12716224                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            61685366                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            5952685                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      6398014                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    4550035                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1847979                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              297016.514175                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              84785232.485825                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.996509                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.003491                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1391783                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  9628837     60.08%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     335      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 4550035     28.39%     88.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1847979     11.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  16027188                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              767                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           17183757                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         22403.855280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         33946971                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        33946971                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     16972335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       16972335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     16972335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        16972335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     16972335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       16972335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     11662989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11662989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     11662989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11662989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     11662989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11662989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     16973102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16973102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     16973102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     16973102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     16973102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     16973102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15205.983051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15205.983051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15205.983051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15205.983051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15205.983051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15205.983051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     10118011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10118011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     10118011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10118011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     10118011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10118011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13191.670143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13191.670143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13191.670143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13191.670143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13191.670143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13191.670143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry                79                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              183                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          262.522723                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            5501059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs         30060.431694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   262.522723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.512740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.512740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.552734                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         11905699                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        11905699                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      4119847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4119847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      1830699                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1830699                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           86                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           86                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          324                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          324                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          299                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          299                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data      5950546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         5950546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data      5950632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        5950632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          247                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          247                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           19                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          202                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          202                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data          774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data          793                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          793                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      5058482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5058482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2794500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2794500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       868000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       868000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      6212500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      6212500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      7852982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      7852982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      7852982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      7852982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      4120374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4120374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      1830946                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1830946                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          105                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          105                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          526                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          526                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data      5951320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5951320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data      5951425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5951425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.180952                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.180952                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.384030                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.384030                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.428298                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.428298                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9598.637571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9598.637571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11313.765182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11313.765182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  4297.029703                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4297.029703                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 27734.375000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27734.375000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10145.971576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10145.971576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9902.877680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  9902.877680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           19                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3992518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3992518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2300500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2300500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       130000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       130000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       372000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       372000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      5764500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5764500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      6293018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6293018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      6423018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6423018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  18018048032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18018048032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    664078500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    664078500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  18682126532                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18682126532                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000135                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.180952                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180952                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.353612                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353612                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.428298                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428298                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  7575.935484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7575.935484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9313.765182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9313.765182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  6842.105263                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6842.105263                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 25734.375000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25734.375000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8130.514212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8130.514212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8099.644388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8099.644388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2475                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     4547636                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         5                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    1846155                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 4547641                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                1846155                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                          6393791                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                      6393796                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                    16966162                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                16966162                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                         16966162                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                     16966162                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        85038964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   15119585                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     16018708                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             15502826                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     908711                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       472064                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    15502826                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           24261603                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          12710101                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            61655484                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            5950187                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      6394515                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    4547824                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   1846691                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              340471.383485                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              84698492.616515                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.995996                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.004004                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1391082                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  9624686     60.08%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     337      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 4547824     28.39%     88.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                1846691     11.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  16019540                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              677                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           17156145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              677                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         25341.425406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         33933001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        33933001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst     16965485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       16965485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst     16965485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        16965485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst     16965485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       16965485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst          677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst          677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst          677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     10313481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10313481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     10313481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10313481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     10313481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10313481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     16966162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16966162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     16966162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     16966162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     16966162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     16966162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15234.093058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15234.093058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15234.093058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15234.093058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15234.093058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15234.093058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      8944519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8944519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      8944519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8944519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      8944519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8944519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 13211.992614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13211.992614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 13211.992614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13211.992614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 13211.992614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13211.992614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                75                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements              216                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          293.558601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             662195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          3065.717593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   293.558601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.573357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.573357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.601562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         11899138                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        11899138                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      4117833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4117833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      1829434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1829434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           51                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           51                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          316                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          316                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          300                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          300                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data      5947267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         5947267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data      5947318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        5947318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          240                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          240                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           20                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          204                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          204                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          217                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          217                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data          799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data          819                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          819                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      5359474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5359474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1945500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1945500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       950500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       950500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      6024000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      6024000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      7304974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      7304974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      7304974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      7304974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      4118392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4118392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      1829674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1829674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           71                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          520                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          520                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          517                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          517                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data      5948066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5948066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data      5948137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5948137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.281690                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.281690                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.392308                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.392308                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.419729                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.419729                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  9587.610018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9587.610018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8106.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8106.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  4659.313725                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4659.313725                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 27760.368664                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27760.368664                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  9142.645807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  9142.645807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8919.382173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8919.382173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          120                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              120                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           20                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          217                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          217                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      4219526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4219526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1465500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1465500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       159500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       159500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       423000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       423000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      5590000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5590000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      5685026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5685026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      5844526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5844526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  18010923029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18010923029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data    664159500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    664159500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  18675082529                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18675082529                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.281690                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281690                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.357692                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357692                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.419729                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.419729                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  7548.347048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7548.347048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  6106.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6106.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data         7975                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7975                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  2274.193548                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2274.193548                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 25760.368664                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25760.368664                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  7115.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7115.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  7136.173382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7136.173382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2609                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     4561008                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                        11                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    1851391                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                 4561019                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                1851391                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                          6412399                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                             11                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                      6412410                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                    17014012                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                17014012                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                         17014012                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                     17014012                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                        85286625                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   15162310                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     16064012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             15547195                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     911361                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       473178                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    15547195                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           24330580                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          12746890                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            61831553                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            5966745                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      6413103                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    4561188                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1851915                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              93672.123251                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              85192952.876749                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.998902                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.001098                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1394793                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  9651388     60.08%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     329      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 4561188     28.39%     88.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1851915     11.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  16064822                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              633                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           17182451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         27144.472354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         34028657                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        34028657                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst     17013379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       17013379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst     17013379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        17013379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst     17013379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       17013379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      9854992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9854992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      9854992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9854992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      9854992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9854992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     17014012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17014012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     17014012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     17014012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     17014012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     17014012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15568.707741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15568.707741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15568.707741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15568.707741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15568.707741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15568.707741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      8581008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8581008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      8581008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8581008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      8581008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8581008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 13556.094787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13556.094787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 13556.094787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13556.094787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 13556.094787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13556.094787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                82                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              175                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          289.471717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            5591637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs         31952.211429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   289.471717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.565374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.565374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.656250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         11933553                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        11933553                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      4129862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4129862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      1834708                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1834708                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           51                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           51                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          303                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          303                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          285                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          285                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data      5964570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         5964570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data      5964621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        5964621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          235                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          235                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           20                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          207                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          207                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data          768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data          788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      5097488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5097488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2151000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2151000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       829000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       829000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      5728000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      5728000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        13500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        13500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      7248488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      7248488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      7248488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      7248488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      4130395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4130395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      1834943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1834943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           71                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          498                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          498                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          492                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          492                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data      5965338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5965338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data      5965409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5965409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.281690                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.281690                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.391566                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.391566                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.420732                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.420732                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9563.767355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9563.767355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9153.191489                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9153.191489                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  4251.282051                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4251.282051                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 27671.497585                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27671.497585                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9438.135417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  9438.135417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9198.588832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  9198.588832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total               92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           20                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          207                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          207                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      4022512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4022512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1681000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1681000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       123000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       123000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       356000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       356000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      5316000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5316000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        11500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        11500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      5703512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5703512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      5826512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5826512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  18069650033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18069650033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    663807005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    663807005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  18733457038                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18733457038                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.281690                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281690                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.357430                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357430                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.420732                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.420732                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  7546.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7546.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  7153.191489                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7153.191489                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data         6150                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6150                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 25681.159420                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25681.159420                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  7426.447917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7426.447917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  7394.050761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7394.050761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2500                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                     4546542                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                        11                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                    1845889                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                 4546553                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                1845889                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                          6392431                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                             11                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                      6392442                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                    16964171                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                16964171                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                         16964171                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                     16964171                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                        85020707                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   15117708                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     16016817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             15500447                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                     908560                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts       472128                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    15500447                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           24258086                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes          12707674                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads            61646027                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes            5949906                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                      6393177                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    4546737                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                   1846440                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              358084.477397                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              84662622.522603                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.995788                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.004212                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          1391038                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                  9624139     60.08%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                     349      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 4546737     28.39%     88.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                1846440     11.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  16017667                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements              650                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs           17111489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs              650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs         26325.367692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses         33928992                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses        33928992                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst     16963521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       16963521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst     16963521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total        16963521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst     16963521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total       16963521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst          650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst          650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total           650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst          650                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total          650                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     10043491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10043491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     10043491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10043491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     10043491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10043491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     16964171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16964171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     16964171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total     16964171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     16964171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total     16964171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15451.524615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15451.524615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15451.524615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15451.524615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15451.524615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15451.524615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      8734509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8734509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      8734509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8734509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      8734509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8734509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 13437.706154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13437.706154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 13437.706154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13437.706154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 13437.706154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13437.706154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                79                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements              188                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          350.808045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs             507633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              188                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs          2700.175532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   350.808045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.685172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.685172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.738281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         11896726                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses        11896726                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data      4116854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4116854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data      1829116                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1829116                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           50                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           50                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          325                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          325                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          307                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          307                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data      5945970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total         5945970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data      5946020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total        5946020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           20                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          219                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          219                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          232                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          232                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data          828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total           828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data          848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total          848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      5730992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5730992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2133000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2133000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       992499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       992499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      6460999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      6460999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      7863992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      7863992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      7863992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      7863992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data      4117424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4117424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data      1829374                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1829374                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           70                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          544                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          544                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          539                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          539                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data      5946798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5946798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data      5946868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5946868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.402574                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.402574                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.430427                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.430427                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 10054.371930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10054.371930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  8267.441860                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8267.441860                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  4531.958904                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4531.958904                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 27849.133621                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27849.133621                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  9497.574879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  9497.574879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  9273.575472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  9273.575472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total               97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          258                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          258                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           20                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          232                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          232                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      4583008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4583008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1617000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1617000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       185501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       185501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       408000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       408000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      5998001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5998001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        26500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        26500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      6200008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6200008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      6385509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6385509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  18004635532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18004635532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data    664700001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    664700001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  18669335533                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18669335533                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.369485                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.369485                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.430427                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.430427                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  8040.364912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8040.364912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  6267.441860                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6267.441860                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  9275.050000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9275.050000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  2029.850746                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2029.850746                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 25853.452586                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25853.452586                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  7487.932367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7487.932367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  7530.081368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7530.081368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2492                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                     4504888                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                        12                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                    1829229                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                 4504900                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                1829229                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                          6334117                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                             12                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                      6334129                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                    16808311                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                16808311                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                         16808311                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                     16808311                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                        84237066                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                   14978862                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                     15869739                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses             15357936                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                     900134                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts       467793                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                    15357936                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads           24036864                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes          12590503                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads            61080027                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes            5894561                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                      6334899                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                    4505118                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                   1829781                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              1127932.068238                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              83109133.931762                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.986610                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.013390                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                          1378242                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                  9535398     60.08%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                     334      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                 4505118     28.39%     88.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                1829781     11.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                  15870639                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              771                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs           16913593                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs         21937.215305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses         33617393                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses        33617393                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst     16807540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       16807540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst     16807540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total        16807540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst     16807540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total       16807540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     11962985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11962985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     11962985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11962985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     11962985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11962985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     16808311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16808311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     16808311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total     16808311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     16808311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total     16808311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15516.193256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15516.193256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15516.193256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15516.193256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15516.193256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15516.193256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     10406015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10406015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     10406015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10406015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     10406015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10406015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 13496.776913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13496.776913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 13496.776913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13496.776913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 13496.776913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13496.776913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                85                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              196                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          355.130779                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs             604783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs          3085.627551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   355.130779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.693615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.693615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.746094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         11788378                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses        11788378                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data      4079410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4079410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data      1812533                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1812533                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           66                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           66                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          306                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          306                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          298                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          298                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data      5891943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total         5891943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data      5892009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total        5892009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          234                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          234                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          206                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          206                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          211                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          211                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data          764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total           764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data          781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total          781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4881985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4881985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2146499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2146499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       910500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       910500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5858500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      5858500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      7028484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      7028484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      7028484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      7028484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data      4079940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4079940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data      1812767                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1812767                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           83                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          512                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          512                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          509                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          509                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data      5892707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5892707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data      5892790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5892790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.204819                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.204819                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.402344                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.402344                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.414538                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.414538                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9211.292453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9211.292453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9173.072650                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9173.072650                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  4419.902913                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4419.902913                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 27765.402844                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27765.402844                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9199.586387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  9199.586387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  8999.339309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8999.339309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total              107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          211                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3808015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3808015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1677501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1677501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       134000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       134000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       398500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       398500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5436500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5436500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5485516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5485516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5619516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5619516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  17828736513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  17828736513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data    663721500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    663721500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  18492458013                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18492458013                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000129                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.204819                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204819                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.371094                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.371094                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.414538                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.414538                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  7184.933962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7184.933962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  7168.807692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7168.807692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  7882.352941                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7882.352941                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  2097.368421                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2097.368421                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 25765.402844                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25765.402844                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  7179.994764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7179.994764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  7195.282971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7195.282971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2429                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                     4566258                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                        21                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                    1873269                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        9                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                 4566279                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                1873278                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                          6439527                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                             30                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                      6439557                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                    17051860                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         5                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                17051865                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                         17051860                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                     17051865                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                        85250091                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                   15208611                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                     16108155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses             15580307                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                     907726                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts       484415                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                    15580307                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads           24425611                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes          12752178                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads            61981297                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes            5976106                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                      6440679                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                    4566574                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                   1874105                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              130016.416331                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              85120074.583669                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.998475                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.001525                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                          1402463                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                  9668388     60.02%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                     351      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                 4566574     28.35%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                1874105     11.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                  16109426                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements              821                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs           17108287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs              821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs         20838.352010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses         34104541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses        34104541                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst     17051039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       17051039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst     17051039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total        17051039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst     17051039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total       17051039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst          821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst          821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total           821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst          821                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total          821                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     12676484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12676484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     12676484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12676484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     12676484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12676484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst     17051860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17051860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst     17051860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total     17051860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst     17051860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total     17051860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 15440.297199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15440.297199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 15440.297199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15440.297199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 15440.297199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15440.297199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     11020516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11020516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     11020516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11020516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     11020516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11020516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 13423.283800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13423.283800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 13423.283800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13423.283800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 13423.283800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13423.283800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                73                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements              327                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          386.258307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs             498298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              327                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1523.847095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   386.258307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.754411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.754411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         11992314                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses        11992314                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data      4137084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4137084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data      1856484                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1856484                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           99                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           99                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          361                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          361                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          353                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          353                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data      5993568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total         5993568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data      5993667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total        5993667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          252                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          252                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          214                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          214                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          218                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          218                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data          883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total           883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data          905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total          905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      6190485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6190485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2251998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2251998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1051000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1051000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      6023500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      6023500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      8442483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      8442483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      8442483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      8442483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data      4137715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4137715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data      1856736                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1856736                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          121                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          121                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          575                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          575                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          571                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          571                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data      5994451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5994451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data      5994572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5994572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.181818                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.181818                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.372174                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.372174                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.381786                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.381786                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  9810.594295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9810.594295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  8936.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8936.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  4911.214953                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4911.214953                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 27630.733945                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27630.733945                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  9561.135900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  9561.135900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  9328.710497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  9328.710497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          163                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total              163                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          194                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          194                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          218                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          218                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      4913515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4913515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1746002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1746002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       281000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       281000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       388000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       388000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      5587500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5587500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      6659517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6659517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      6940517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6940517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data  17977578533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  17977578533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data    664290006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    664290006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data  18641868539                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18641868539                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.181818                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181818                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.337391                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337391                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.381786                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381786                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  7786.870048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7786.870048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  6928.579365                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6928.579365                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 12772.727273                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12772.727273                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 25630.733945                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25630.733945                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  7541.921857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7541.921857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  7669.079558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7669.079558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2473                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                     4534552                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                        22                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                    1841995                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                       13                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       3                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                 4534574                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                1842008                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                          6376547                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                             35                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                      6376582                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                    16924485                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         4                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                16924489                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                         16924485                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                     16924489                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                        85380396                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                   15085149                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                     15985708                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses             15466635                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                   145                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                     905862                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts       475367                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                    15466635                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                          145                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads           24208292                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes          12676192                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  81                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                 64                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads            61518086                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes            5941334                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                      6377583                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                    4534919                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                   1842664                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              592734.647734                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              84787661.352266                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.993058                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.006942                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                          1391599                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                  9608989     60.11%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                     323      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                13      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                 4534919     28.37%     88.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                1842664     11.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                  15986909                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                      13                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements             1037                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs           16922670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1037                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs         16318.871745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses         33850007                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses        33850007                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst     16923448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       16923448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst     16923448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total        16923448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst     16923448                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total       16923448                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total          1037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1037                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total         1037                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15803981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15803981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15803981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15803981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15803981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15803981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst     16924485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16924485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst     16924485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total     16924485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst     16924485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total     16924485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15240.097396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15240.097396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15240.097396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15240.097396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15240.097396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15240.097396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13714019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13714019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13714019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13714019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13714019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13714019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 13224.704918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13224.704918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 13224.704918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13224.704918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 13224.704918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13224.704918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                98                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              316                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          480.136766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs            1497996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs          4740.493671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   480.136766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.937767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.937767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.906250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         11868501                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses        11868501                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data      4106499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4106499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data      1825177                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1825177                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          116                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          116                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          418                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          418                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          395                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          395                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data      5931676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total         5931676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data      5931792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total        5931792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          218                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          218                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5462492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5462492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3180999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3180999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       863000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       863000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5790500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      5790500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      8643491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      8643491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      8643491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      8643491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data      4107053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4107053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data      1825439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1825439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          135                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          135                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          617                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          617                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          613                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          613                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data      5932492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5932492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data      5932627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5932627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.140741                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.140741                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.322528                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.322528                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.355628                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.355628                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  9860.093863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9860.093863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 12141.217557                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12141.217557                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  4336.683417                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4336.683417                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26561.926606                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26561.926606                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 10592.513480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10592.513480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 10351.486228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10351.486228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total              208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          218                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          218                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4346508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4346508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2656001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2656001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       135500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       135500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       367500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       367500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5354500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5354500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7002509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7002509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7138009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7138009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data  17930201017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  17930201017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data    663153000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    663153000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data  18593354017                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18593354017                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000144                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.140741                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140741                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.294976                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294976                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.355628                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355628                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  7845.682310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7845.682310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 10137.408397                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10137.408397                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  7131.578947                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7131.578947                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  2019.230769                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2019.230769                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24561.926606                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24561.926606                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  8581.506127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8581.506127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  8548.513772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8548.513772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2537                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.host 42690152500 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -32723913.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       32753548.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -169373232403.200012
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       170350014643.199982
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -22075656.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       22095648.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -114259720272.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       114918660672.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -133729689.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       133769625.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -332178860582.400085
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       334165726502.400024
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -50397189.120000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       50496721.920000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -8684163809.279999
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       8685666754.559999
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -22267786082549.753906
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       22291320344064.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -22267786082549.753906
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       22291320344064.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -6464945249709.121094
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       6471777952797.122070
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -11855254477446.720703
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       11894117313271.677734
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -71883233294256.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       71959204813008.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -67154891866416.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       67202766777504.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.04269
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       680612040.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       683042443.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       3004243.118513
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       124016712.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       149990188.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       273.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       11136049.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       29323850.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       36374812.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       71793594.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       14791856.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       19320708.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       120964440.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       179311354.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       194132140.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       274404899.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       101649978.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       110587434.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       209.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       64.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       7263027.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       1342.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       124016712.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       149990188.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       273.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       135720061.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       9.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       135720052.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       6076.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       32942790.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       14655195.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       51160135.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       106.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       4458.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       1961.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       14228445
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       10.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       3981861.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       34.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       6412.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       49.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       1615050.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       70.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       2368148.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       201.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       526.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       3425044.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       127628.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       892582.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       900164.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       915694.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       902068.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       858468.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       842482.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       868618.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       925260.000000
